[{'body': 'Going to compare this to Google\'s other phone, the Nexus 6P since it\'s been my daily driver before owning this phone* and describe the Pixel 2 from that perspectiveDecided to switch over since I miss owning a 5inch phone and the battery life on the 6P is not as good as it used to be. First thing I like to say is that there is no night-and-day difference between these two phones. The Pixel 2 has better functionality in most cases, but the Nexus 6P still hold up really well as is not outdated whatsoever. Last week, the 6P had its Android Oreo over-the-air software update. Well read on if you\'re on the fence.*Skipped out on Pixel 1 since it didn\'t have front facing speakers--Battery LifePixel 2 wins this hands down, even better than the 6P when I got it out of the box at launch. Can last up to 1.5 to 2 days if you\'re conservative.Example:Typical 8 hour work day +1 hour commute (half hour to and from work) + 30min lunch breakDuring commute non stop music. 80% volumeLunch 20-25mins on Youtube15min breaks: some light mobile gaming, Two 2-3 minute phone callsCheck e-mail text and notifications throughout the dayDoing all of this. Starting from 100%, dropped down to 48% by the end of the daySuper fast charging with included charger. Very similar to the Moto X Pure, but the batter life is way longer. Takes about an hour and a half to fully charge your phone from 10%--CameraBetter stabilization/auto focusThe auto focus on the 6P is horrible, even if you tap on the screen it will not focus accurately.On the Pixel 2 it auto focuses on an object for you without having to touch the screen and does a decent job at it too.6P does a better job at capturing true real life colors especially in scenery. Pixel 2 makes everything more vibrant and seems like it auto photo-shops everything (which can be a good or bad thing depending on your preference).Pixel 2 has way better front facing camera. Excellent for selfies as it auto blurs the background and do automatic lighting touch ups on your face.Video works way better as there\'s less camera shake when playing backDid a blind camera test with phones I have available**, borrowed from friends/family and the Pixel 2 had better quality picture hands down.**Nexus 6p, iphone7, Galaxy 7 Edge, Note 4, Moto x pure, Amazon Fire Phone. Note that I don\'t have access to all high end phones such as iphone X, Note 8, HTC U11, LGV30 along others.--Finger Print SensorBoth very similar. Didn\'t notice a difference.Was able to detect 100% of the time with dry/clean fingers--Visual aesthetic, build qualityDon\'t know about some people, but I love the camera visor hump on the 6P. Makes it look very futuristic and stands out from other phones. The Pixel 2 on the other hand, looks very generic and plain.The Pixel 2 does not have a streamline look like iphone x or Galaxy edge series as the screen not edge-to-edge. It has large bezels on the top and bottom which i don\'t really mind since I\'m not accustomed to bezel-less screens, but i can see how some people are if they\'re used to it. Having bezels does have it\'s advantages as it\'s great for mobile games where you have to hold your phone horizontallyPixel 2 is also very lightweight. Even lighter than the Nexus 5 and feels very fragile. This is the only phone i bought a case for a week after purchase.Pixel 2 is dust and water resistant. Great for traveling, if you\'re an extrovert, or an adventurer with no arrows to the kneeI don\'t like the side buttons. For the 6P the power button has this cross hatch metal texture design to it making it easily distinguishable from the volume rocker. For the Pixel 2, all the buttons feels the same, so it takes some time to get a feel for itPersonal preference, but i like the 5inch display rather than the 6inch (thus one of my main reason for switching). 6inch is better for viewing cinematic movies/videos, but I already own a laptop and tablet and those tend to do a better job. I find a 5inch phone more portable and less finger travel when using--UIAndroid Oreo is very smooth. You will not notice a difference from the 6P with Android Oreo unless you compare them side by side. Pixel 2 is slightly faster, but only by milliseconds. Most of it probably have to do with finger travel from larger screen--Front facing speakersAt first i assumed it would be muffled compared to the 6P due to the water and dust resistance, but it\'s surprisingly better than the 6P at higher volumes. At around 80% + volume there\'s much less distortion on the Pixel 2. Not to say that the 6P is bad, but once you hear the sound quality at near max volume from the Pixel 2 it\'s hard to go back.No headphone jack on the Pixel 2. So you have to resort to bluetooth for personalized music.This can be troublesome if you are an audiophile especially if you already own a expensive wired headsetBut if you are a true audiophile, and can afford it, i would get a dedicated mp3 player. Namely the Sony Walkmen brandIt does come with a USB-C to 3.5mm cable in box-Software updateNew android software first on Pixel 2 for 3 years instead of 2.6P still have updates as mentioned before it updated to Andriod 8.0 last weekI also own the Nexus 5 (phone released in 2013) and it still receives security updates from Google, but it stopped getting major software updates (stopped at Android 6.0.1) probably due to hardware limitations.Pixel 2 like other Google phones has no bloatware like ones you see on Samsung phones as is pure android-Active EdgeAt first i thought it was a throw away feature, but I find it quite useful overtimeIn the beginning i just used it to set alarms, but after a while starting using it for the Android Assistant.It\'s very similar to pressing on the google search bar, but much faster.Note that if your phone is off and you use the squeeze feature,you are automatically prompted to the lock screen. Exception being you have no passcode, you have trusted locations or trusted bluetooth devices active. Trusted faces also work, but it takes a second extra for it to boot up.When the phone is on, it\'s very intuitive, as it\'s easier to ask the assistant anything from directions and reminders on the fly. You can also squeeze to silence phone calls instead of pressing the volume rocker if you see a spam or phone number of a person you don\'t\' have to talk to at the moment--Google LensGoogle lens is similar to Amazon Firefly (on the Amazon phone that no one uses?). It\'s better at picking up words, number and text than objects-Always on Display/ "Now Playing"Out of the box, the Pixel 2 has an always on display showing the time/date, and app icon notification.You can go to settings and turn this off if you want to save battery life. If you have it off, you can easily access it by double tapping on the screen.Always on display is great when you\'re sleeping and as you can glace over to look if you have it on a smartphone stand on the nightstandPixel 2 has a "Now Playing" feature which auto detects music playing in the background with is great as you don\'t have to ask google assistant for it or use a 3rd party app like Sound Hound. Song has to play in background for 10-20secs in most cases before it\'s able to display on your phone depending on how loud, clear and popular the song is.--Transfer ProcessEasy to transfer data use included adapter. If you own an android phone, all apps will transfer over, you just need to re-enter some passwords if it\'s not connected directly to your google account.You can also transfer iphone data over but it\'s only contacts, and photos----Overall a good upgrade if you like the enhanced features. 6P is still a good phone and is not outdated in terms of software and hardware. If you find the upgraded/new features on the Pixel 2 enticing then it\'s a good upgrade.If you have any questions, please put in the comments.', 'title': 'Upgraded From Nexus 6P', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Vincent', 'date': 'November 13, 2017', 'votes': '80', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "I've had android and iPhone before. There are pro/con's for both but I like Android better. That being said, this phone perfectly exemplifies what Android is supposed to be.Design:I miss the headphone jack. i use corded headphones regularly. That being said, I rarely use the headphone jack and charge the phone at the same time so using the USB-C to 3.5 mm audio adapter hasn't been an issue. An added plus of using the adapter is I no longer have to deal with certain headphone plugs not fitting due to my case not providing a big enough opening.I love that the speakers both face the front.I had adapted a way of holding other phones in a way so that my hand cupped the sound and directed it to my face. No longer needed.Otherwise, the phone is pretty standard as far as premium phones look. You'll likely use a case anyway this isn't really an issue.Performance:There is absolutely no lag in this phone. As soon as you touch a button or spot on the screen, its already where you need to be before the entire weight of your finger crashes down. You can snap photos one after the other and not face any dreaded processing hold screen.OK Google detection is much improved. Not sure if this is due to hardware or software, but I no longer have issues waking my phone up to tell it to create a reminder or something like that. Also, I haven't noticed it responding to others saying OK Google like my previous phone did, but I wasn't on Oreo yet so that could also be why. (but I can't rule out better microphone hardware that might be able to provide better signal to noise ratio)Finger print sensor is lightning fast. Haven't had too many issues with my fingerprint not reading although I did load the same finger twice to get better results.Battery life:With my previous Nexus 5x, if I used the phone (basic stuff like reading news, listening to music, and maybe watching a couple youtube videos/using the maps app) I could maybe make it half a day. With the Pixel 2 after a day of light use I still have 50% battery left. I could likely go 2 days of light use or 1 day of heavy (watching videos) use.Display:The display is absolutely beautiful. The new screen allows for individual pixels to be turned on or off which makes the blacks super dark as there's no backlight. I think this is also why the battery life is so awesome. As a plus, the time, date, temperature, and icons of notification types are able to be displayed on the phone at all times. This is awesome as it makes the phone a true nightstand clock replacement and you can even tell if you missed a text without touching your phone.Camera:Don't get me wrong, the camera is the best I've seen on a phone. But comparing to the Nexus 5x, you don't notice THAT much of a difference.However, with the performance, you can actually take pictures and not have the phone crash on you.Overall,I've been hearing talk of how the pixel 2 still isn't fully complete as in they're missing features, but I can't imagine how necessary they are. Definitely the best phone I've owned/played around with.", 'title': 'amazing', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'P. Robichaux', 'date': 'October 29, 2017', 'votes': '60', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "A great phone but I would advise buying it directly from the Google store. It's much cheaper there.", 'title': 'Not as costly at the Google Store', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Connor Hearld', 'date': 'November 9, 2017', 'votes': '40', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "I love this phone, although I purchased it directly from Google, better price...The processor is snappy fast, Oreo operating system smooth, battery life amazing, sometimes I go 2 days on one charge. Smart placement of finger scanner, great forward facing speakers that sound better than U11, waterproof.Not too big, doesn't slip unlike it's brother HTC U11.", 'title': 'Light and powerful', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Stafsoft', 'date': 'November 28, 2017', 'votes': '10', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'Solid phone. Extremely fast when doing basically anything. The camera is unparalleled. Great feel to it. Newest version of Android running (8.1). It makes the switch from Samsung easier than intended (needed to switch to be on Project Fi). Still miss my Note though.', 'title': 'The bad pr is bull.', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'Kbosh', 'date': 'October 26, 2017', 'votes': '19', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "Upgrading from 2 years with a 128gb Nexus 6p on Project Fi.  Here are a few things I noticed immediately upon opening the packaging fro. project File.Although I had a SIM card to use, it offered a cardless eSIM to be downloaded to the phone.  Google making it one step easier to turn on the phone and go.  Screen brightness is significantly higher by default than the 6p.  The battery life is also significantly different as far as drainage per usage minute surfing, games, music, etc.  The size fits way better in my pocket and hand.  Thee phablet craze has passed for me.  This phone isn't small by any means, it's just not approaching a tablet.  The snappiness to absolutely every action including camera load speed, smoothness of transitions, instant fingerprint sensor, and seamless browsing.  Wait time is virtually zero in every regard.  I recommend this as a solid upgrade from a 6p if you're looking for the newest hardware/software combo.", 'title': '6p to Pixel2 - dooo ittttt', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Fozzie', 'date': 'December 12, 2017', 'votes': '9', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "I really love this phone even the hardware is not as good of a Samsung but the Android 8 is really good.I haven't realized how bad experience we have on Samsung Android version because the way they kill apps while in background. THey have been doing this since Android 6 and most of the apps doesn't work as they should be. Also, I am pretty sure after a year of owning your phone or Samsung or T-mobile send an update to make it unusable.I only complain with this Phone about the Bluetooth because is crazy and doesn't work correctly with most of the devices. For example in my car, it use to play the last song as soon as it got connected. Now I have to launch the app and hit play and it is so annoying that I don't use my phone any more to listen music. Second, Title, Author doesn't show any more most of the time. This phone cannot handle several devices connected to the Bluetooth. It handle a Smartwatch like a headset, when I try to call, even if I trigger that from the phone send the call to watch. Notifications over the watch have become totally unreliable. If i have a Bluetooth headset and the smartwatch, it's a disaster. And finally, the compass is inverted and not accurate. But, but, but, this phone is still amazing compared with a Samsung.  I wound't go back.", 'title': 'Overall better than a Samsung but with some bugs.', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'Claudio', 'date': 'December 11, 2017', 'votes': '3', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'Great phone bought for my son he is very happy with the phone.  A slight misunderstanding with the delivery but, highly recommend seller.', 'title': 'Great phone bought for my son he is very happy ...', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Kenneth Johnson', 'date': 'December 24, 2017', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "This phone has significant problems.  I have swapped it out and the problems persist. everything listed below existed on both phones. So it's clearly the phone/software and not a case of my having gotten a bum phone.1- What I hate the most, is that while on a phone call, the text message notification, will ring at the same volume it does while in your pocket and from the speaker your ear is pressed up against.  It's like a fog horn going off.  Maybe this is only with the verizon text ap, but that is my preferred texting app.2- squealing. perhaps if you don't have excellent hearing, this isn't a biggie.  but since day one, there has been a terrible squeal in the background of phone conversations.  not there on bluetooth, not there when listening to voicemails3-texts dont send.  sometimes the button to send out a text doesnt respond the first 5 or 6 times4-the square button that gives you a scrolling window through all your open apps doesnt always workI really wanted to like this phone.  I've never owned an apple product, I'm not looking for an excuse to go to mac.  It's genuinely terrible in so many ways. I'm not a fan of the no headphone port. It doesn't work with an adapter for wireless charging.  my wife's pixel 1 is better in almost every way.  That said, the battery life is excellent, and the camera is unbeatable.", 'title': 'so many bugs', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'Wally', 'date': 'December 5, 2017', 'votes': '17', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "Bought mine on project fi. Hands down the worst phone I've ever bought. Way to many problems. They sent me 2 different replacements. All have the same flaw with WiFi calling feature. Person on other end can hear themselves and creates an echo to the point I have to hang up.Update: After 2 different replacement phone's from Google I gave up on this phone. Way to many bugs in it. I ended up returning phone.", 'title': "Don't buy", 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'RS', 'date': 'November 3, 2017', 'votes': '29', 'verified_purchase': False}][{'body': 'When friends ask me about my Pixel 2, I tell them "it\'s all right". I\'ve been using an iPhone 4 for the past 5 years, so I was looking forward to this phone feeling like a significant upgrade. However, after 2 weeks of using the Pixel 2, it seems my expectations were too high.Compared to iOS, most things on Pixel 2 feel different but rarely better (or worse, to be fair). For example, Google Assistant feels just as limited as Siri - it\'s only helpful about 20% of the time I use it.Having everything on my phone synced with my web browser (Chrome) is nice, albeit a bit unnerving - I\'m constantly reminded about just how much personal information Google has stored. It\'s cool being able to sign into a site on my phone for the first time using saved login information from my computer, but this feature is a bit inconsistent and does not always work when I expect it to.I like being able to edit notification settings directly from the app icons on my desktop, but overall I feel like I receive far more notifications than I used to on my iPhone (I think because apps on iOS ask upfront if you want notifications whereas on the Pixel 2 you have to seek out these settings). Speaking of notifications, my phone alerted me my cable bill was do in 24 hours - a bill I had already paid a week prior. I think the phone scanned my emails for bill notifications, yet missed the email confirming I paid. Again, I was a bit unnerved that the phone (or Google, or whatever) is scanning my emails. Naive, I know.The camera\'s nice, though I still get grainy shots when the lighting isn\'t great (which may be expected?). Camera quality is neither my priority nor something I know much about so I\'m unable to say more than pictures look much better than what I used to get on my dated iPhone.I\'ve really only had 1 bad experience so far: I had to download 5-6 different podcast apps to find one that had all of the functionality I was seeking. For whatever reason, Google\'s default player, Play Music (not to be confused with Play Store, which is a different default app with a similar triangle logo) is missing one of the podcasts I regularly listen to, and a few of the apps I tried that do have this show were missing functionality I wanted. I eventually found an app called Podcast Republic which seems to suit my needs. All in all, it was a hassle to find what I liked, especially compared to iOS where the default podcast player served me so well.One last note: an app (Animal Crossing) stopped working after an update but restarting my phone resolved the issue. Just like a computer, it seems restarting is now the go-to first step in resolving issues, which is certainly manageable but not ideal.Pixel 2 is fine, I slightly regret the purchase mainly because I had such high hopes. I think I would have preferred an iPhone simply for the familiarity (again, I don\'t feel Android is worse than iOS, I just don\'t believe the differences are actual improvements).', 'title': 'Did not meet my expectations', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'Mr. Dizzystick', 'date': 'December 18, 2017', 'votes': '15', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'I did not receive the jack adapter or the quick start adapter.', 'title': 'Two Stars', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'Mari M.', 'date': 'January 2, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Terrible  phone. Lots of ads especially on YouTube. The photos why delete completely instead it goes to a bin. Connected to Cloud (scary). After editing photos usually its buffering. I've seen better phones. I bought this just to try a different brand. If you don't want privacy this is appropriate.", 'title': 'Terrible phone. Lots of ads especially on YouTube', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'December 17, 2017', 'votes': '6', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'I think this mobile scam only comes with 64 gigs of mmm storage!', 'title': 'be careful!', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'omar ramirez', 'date': 'October 31, 2017', 'votes': '9', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'Can work this phone boos mobile', 'title': 'Three Stars', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'olger chamba', 'date': 'October 26, 2017', 'votes': '3', 'verified_purchase': False}]