[{'body': "I have had 30+ smart phones over the past 9 years from HTC, Motorola, Nexus (all except the 4), Blackberry Key One and all of the Galaxy S models plus the Note 2, 4, 5 and now the 8. My favorite phone was the Note 5, but one day I walked into T-Mobile prepared to buy the Note 7 and something steered me away from it.  I ended up walking out with an S7 which was a foolish purchase because I only used it for a couple of weeks before I started missing my Note 5. Fortunately I still had it so I put my SIM back in it and all was well. When news of the Note 8 broke I was thrilled and I couldn't wait for pre-orders to start so when they did, I ordered one and it arrived one week ago today. My favorite thing over the Note 5 is the beautiful edge to edge display and how bright and legible it is in direct sunlight. At 1,200 nits, I believe it is the brightest screen ever on any smartphone even eclipsing my Blackberry Classic that I thought would never be beat. I am amazed that reviewers never mention screen brightness, but for me it is a very important top 3 feature because I spend quite a bit of time outdoors and it is very annoying searching for shade or trying to cup my hand over the screen just to barely read it. I can assure you that you will not be disappointed at all with anything regarding the Note 8 screen.I have taken approximately 100 pictures and the cameras are excellent. My daughter and I just went out for Chinese food and we were taking pictures of the food and several of my Heineken bottle. She was using her IPhone 7 plus and her pictures were no match for the Note 8 when our phones were held side by side. Her photos looked washed out and dull compared to mine and she even admitted her 7 plus paled in comparison. I like to take macro shots of flowers, insects and lots of other things and all I can say is woww. One shot was of a ladybug and the closeup detail was amazing.The S Pen is more refined and I use it frequently. The single speaker is very loud and clear as is the call quality. Build quality is excellent, but I still despise glass on the back of a phone. People can go on and on about how beautiful the back is, but the same people immediately slap a case on it so its never seen anyway. Why not use some sort of a rubber or polycarbonate back and make it lighter, cheaper, grippier and definitely more durable. After all, this is a mobile device and some people actually use it outdoors and don't like cases.Probably my biggest gripe is the additional weight compared to the Note 5. At 195 grams the additional weight is definitely noticeable and like most men, I carry it in my pocket and there's never a doubt where my phone is.Samsung was smart enough to keep the headphone jack and I assume the SD card is here to stay. I have played with Bixby briefly, but don't know enough about it to comment on how useful it is. I had two ultra thin cases ready and waiting and the one I like best is the  matte blue Bear Motion case. It's very thin and light and adds a ton of grip to this rediculously slippery device.  It is very fluid and lightning fast and at this point I can see myself using only this phone for at least one year. K", 'title': 'Phone junkie loves the Note 8', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'E Hall', 'date': 'September 15, 2017', 'votes': '230', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "I am a long time iPhone user.  I first tried the Motorola Droid before switching to the iPhone and the difference was night and day.  That was back when Android phones were very slow, crash prone and unrefined.  By comparison, I loved the fast and silky smooth responsiveness of iOS, the ability to share apps, the tight integration with our Macs and the idiot-proof operation.That was all before Apple tried to get cute. I’d say iPhone  “enhancements” started going south somewhere around iOS 8. Suddenly, instead of admiring how iOS always just worked, I found myself seriously questioning if Apple did enough pre-release testing and quality control checks prior to releasing new versions of iOS. It felt like we, the actual users, were the beta testers.The hardware also started getting less reliable as well, beginning with the iPhone 5. I had to have my iPhone 5’s defective battery replaced under Apple’s own little iPhone 5 batterygate scandal that many people seem to have forgotten about.  Our entire family owns iPhones and we’ve all experienced some strange issues at one point or another.  These were issues like defective cameras (hardware, not software, requiring hardware replacement of the camera), cases coming apart, numerous faulty battery issues and other quirks. I had a 6-plus that would shut down and display the empty battery icon with remaining battery levels in the 20-30% range.  As soon as I plugged it into AC power, the phone would power on and the battery charge status would instantly shoot up to 20%.I was tiring of Apple’s deteriorating quality and angry at the fact that they weren’t really innovating enough to justify yearly upgrades.  The final straw was when they revealed that they now wanted to charge me a minimum of $1,000 for their newest flagship model.  That greedy move pretty much drove me away from Apple.  I no longer find their products worth the premium prices they charge. Now, Samsung was not perfect either. My son owned an S4 and Note 5 and both had charging port issues wihin a year. That made me very leery of Samsung.  However, the switch to a USB-C charging port as well as the fact that I knew Samsung would do everything in their power to ensure this Note was perfect after the Note 7 debacle convinced me to give this phone a try.So far, I love it. The size and weight are perfect, even in a case. The phone is still easily pocketable despite its apparent substantial size.  Voice quality on calls rivals my home phone.  The screen is absolutely gorgeous.  I compared it to an iPhone X in store and I actually prefer the richer and deeper color saturation of the Note’s screen. The iPhone X screen was a little brighter but also more washed out looking. I keep my Note at 50% brightness all the time and it still looks stunning.  My iPhone 7 looked too dim at 50% brightness.  The dimmest I could go on the iPhone and still have decent screen quality both indoors and outdoors (not in direct sunlight) was about 75%.  I don’t like auto-dim feature on either phone because it never sets the screen to a brightness that I prefer when indoors.  The Note screen is also razor sharp thanks to a higher pixel density.I am not a fan of facial recognition on any device and don’t use it on the Note, nor would I use it on an iPhone.  I also do not use the iris scanner. I figured having my fingerprints recorded on both the iPhone and Note was all the biometric privacy I’m willing to give up. Why put my face scan and iris scan out in the cloud as well?  After hearing everything Snowden claimed, color me paranoid.  I do think the Note 8’s fingerprint scanner is in a very goofy location and requires awkwardly reaching around the camera while trying not to press on the camera lens to use.  However, the fingerprint scanner placement and the annoying Bixby are the only cons I can really find worth complaining about with the Note 8.The speed of the Note is fantastic and I breeze through apps and tasks just as quickly and easily as I did on my iPhone, sometimes even faster. I have yet to experience any freezing or slowdown.  I did deactivate the always on screen but only because I have an Android Wear companion watch, so there is no need to have an always on screen showing redundant data.  As far as companion watches, I will admit that Apple does smart watches best. If that is a considerably important feature, I give the nod to Apple.  My Android Wear watch isn't bad.  It’s just not nearly as refined as the Apple Watch.  On the flipside, Android Auto is much better than Apple Car Play in my opinion, especially the ability to use either Google Navigation or Waze in your car’s navigation screen, both of which blow the doors off Apple Maps, especially the latter.I get great battery life from my Note and easily get two days of use out of a charge, even with it paired to my vehicle and smartwatch all day.  The S pen is a nice tool if you do a lot of hand note taking but I find it easier to just type.  The Note charges very quickly and I can charge it late at night and still have it complete before going to bed.  That prevents leaving it plugged in all night and risking overuse of the battery.  Yes, all these phones have built in overcharge protection but being connected to AC power still wears down the battery over time.  I’ve had this told to me multiple times by Apple Store “geniuses” as they tried to claim how all my iPhone battery issues were likely my fault due to allowing the phone to charge overnight.  The excuses changed after I shared that I already knew this and therefore never charge anything overnight.The camera on the Note 8 is the best I’ve ever had on a smartphone.  My wife and I always envied the photos taken by her sister with her Note 5.  We would all be at the same events and taking the same photos but her photos were sharper and more vivid than our iPhone pics. That was another feature that influenced my decision to switch. Another reason was the better reliability of Google’s calendar over Apple’s iCloud calendar.  I switched to Goolge on my iPhone last year after iCloud’s calendar failed to sync several very important reminders across all my devices and failed to alert me as instructed. I’d create or update important events on my iPad or Mac and ithey wouldn't sync across all my devices or to my phone.It feels a little weird as an almost exclusive Apple user to own an Android phone.  I myself own two MacBooks, three iPads, an Apple TV and I owned an iPhone 7 and Apple Watch before giving both away after purchasing this Note 8.  However, I have fallen in love with the performance and looks of my Note 8.  It feels so new and refreshing compared to the last few iterations of the iPhone (6, 6S, 7, 8) that were essentially identical phones with very slight and almost unnoticeable differences before the release of the iPhone X. However, $1,000 is a stiff price of admission to pay to finally get the first truly uniquely different iPhone in three years.  I saved nearly $500 by purchasing the Note 8 rather than the 256GB IPhone X I ever so briefly considered purchasing.  With stellar performance, a sleek body, outstanding screen quality, fantastic camera and the ability to handle all my smartphone needs just as well or better than The iPhone, Samsung is giving me every reason to make this switch permanent. If not for the awkward fingerprint scanner placement and unwanted annoyances like Bixby (which can be disabled by the way), it would absolutely be a perfect 5.", 'title': 'Former iPhone user loves the Note 8', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'J', 'date': 'November 4, 2017', 'votes': '115', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'OMG - What a phone. The picture is fantastic. I am going from a S7 edge and this phone is great. Plus bixby saves alot of typing. Hit side button tell bixby what you want and you get it. Yes its pricey but you get on promotion a 128 card and cordless charger or 4 k camera. I paid around 800 for edge. I got mine thru ATT. It is thin and waterproof and has duel camera on back for crystal clear pictures and too many formats to mention.This is not an everyday phone for non enthusiast. But if you want all the buttons and whistles with a very clear screen - this is for you. the pen is smooth as pie and you can write quick notes on your screen  And for someone like me who is tired of typing everything - works for me. Field any question my way i will do best to answer. to rate the phone on price is unfair.Plus the battery consumption is nil compared to my samsung galaxy edge 7.', 'title': 'WOWZER - WHAT A PHONE.', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'MASTER REVIEWER', 'date': 'September 8, 2017', 'votes': '128', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'Rock solid phone, best camera and excellent build quality and performance right out of the box.Battery is a weakest link in this phone - with heavy usage (emails, reading web, documents) barely lives whole day.', 'title': 'best camera and excellent build quality and performance right out ...', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'Alex G', 'date': 'September 15, 2017', 'votes': '33', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "I've owned the Note 8 for about 3 weeks now, and other than the initial price of the phone, I have zero complaints.This phone has everything you could want and/or need from a smartphone, and then some. Beautiful screen and overall design, a stellar camera, great speed and performance/hardware, expandable memory, waterproof, the S-pen, and on and on it goes. There's a great number of features that I don't even use, but I'm sure are great.Some reviewers on here complain about the battery not lasting a week on one charge. I don't really understand this sentiment. I not only haven't had an issue with the battery draining quickly, but even if this is an issue for some users, I have to assume they're using battery intensive features a great deal. Also, I personally don't find that charging my phone is an inconvenience, especially with how fast it charges, and considering Samsung's massive debacle with the Note 7's battery, you can understand why they wouldn't gamble on creating a super-battery.Anyway, this is a really great phone. The negative reviews are nonsense. And like I said, the only downside (for me) was the price tag. I've included a few unedited photos that I've taken with the phone since getting it to highlight the incredible image quality.", 'title': 'Love this phone. Truly a top-of-the-line device', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Erik K. Smith', 'date': 'October 16, 2017', 'votes': '29', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'I bought this for my bf so Gus birthday, he absolutely loves it. Fast shipping and great condition. Awesome phone', 'title': 'Yaasss!', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'A. Torres', 'date': 'January 21, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'great product', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Richard S.', 'date': 'December 29, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Everything is good but except for the finger print reader. Otherwise no complaints. Got the phone with black Friday sale plus had a gift card. Couldn't pass it up.", 'title': 'The price was the most important thing.', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Mike Finohr', 'date': 'January 28, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Best phone I've ever owned. Got if from Amazon because Samsung didn't ship my samsung.com order on time.Pros:- Beautiful to behold- Software is smooth as butter, no lags, no stutters, no hiccups, just smooth- Software is feature packed and I'm talking useful features, not gimmicks- Nothing comes close to the S pen- Screen is beautiful in all conditions- Phone does not feel heavy at all contrary to what I heard stated by some YouTube reviewers- Speaker is adequately loud. Significantly louder than my former phone, the Note 7 (and yes I kept my Note 7)- Bixby is actually surprisingly awesome for controlling functions on the phone. It's not that great for internet related things. Good thing is you can use both Bixby and Google assistant simultaneously (Also contrary to a lot of videos I'm watched, I've not yet once accidentally pushed the Bixby button while trying to push the volume buttons)- Both front and back Cameras are great and fast.- Call quality is greatCons:- Stereo speakers would be better, I guess- Fingerprint sensor location would have been better in front, but I'm surprisingly already used to it's location and after a day I've stopped inadvertently touching the camera lens- Battery life is just okay. It will likely last all day for most people- S Note has been replaced with a much less useful Samsung Note.- Samsung keyboard is unusable. The very worst! Download SwiftKey. It's free.", 'title': "Best phone I've ever owned", 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'B100', 'date': 'September 13, 2017', 'votes': '60', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Great phone', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'January 25, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}][{'body': 'Great Phone for its price..along with its great features. Thanks Amazon.', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'January 18, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "It's an awesome phone and the camera / quality  is out of this world.", 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'January 25, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Great phone. Nice aesthetic.', 'title': 'Four Stars', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'January 27, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Really delivers on what is promised. Worth every single penny.', 'title': 'Amazing', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Swaraj Kashyap', 'date': 'January 10, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Best cell phone 👌👌👌👌🤘', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Chalonaun', 'date': 'January 25, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'The best Samsung smartphone I have ever used', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'zph', 'date': 'December 21, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Haven't had any issue(s) so far! :)", 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Phong Luu', 'date': 'January 26, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Love it .', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Deiby Victorio', 'date': 'January 27, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Good', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Neto', 'date': 'January 4, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Exceptional piece of hardware, paired with a dynamic integration of Android OS and Samsung's Touchwiz. I've owned every Galaxy Note phone, with the exception of the first and fifth iterations. This phone is a technological marvel and is still cheaper than the iPhone X. Featuring 6 GB of ram, there is nothing that I can throw at the phone to slow it down and you can dock it for full screen computing options. Bluetooth controlled gaming cast to my television, Virtual Reality, dual-sim capable or up to 256 gb on-board storage, a WACOM stylus that goes for around $100, and the camera rivals my Nikon D700 DSLR, all in the palm of your hand.As a Note7 owner/user for over a year, Samsung did their 'screw-up' justice with this piece of hardware. I thought the Note7 couldn't be topped, but the Note8 surpasses it in every way.There are folks who don't like the Bixby key, but the key, and Bixby, are really useful once you set them up. You can also disable the key if it bothers you too much. The button and Bixby also pair well with Google's Assistant, picking up slack where Google's Assistant faces limitations.All in all, you get what you pay for and this is a beautiful phone with endless possibilities of uses.", 'title': 'Awesome. Best Bang for Buck.', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Austin Blank', 'date': 'September 25, 2017', 'votes': '17', 'verified_purchase': False}][{'body': 'Good phone, not necessarily an upgrade depending on which phone you\'re replacing with this one.First things first, i got this Factory Unlocked US version directly from Samsung, and i paid more than what the phone is being offered for here on amazon. The advantages of the factory unlocked phone are that it comes with less bloatware, and you can use any US SIM card carrier with this phone, it should also retain or hold a lil more value over time as it can be sold for any carrier without any worries of the phone not working or having to be unlocked via code or app.Some people wonder, or are afraid of certain T-Mobile features not working on this unlocked version like video calls, Voice over LTE, WIFI Calling or WIFI tethering. Fear not, they all work perfectly, the only feature that you must do a little configuration to get it to show and work is the T-Mobile\'s Direct Video Call from the phone\'s native Dialer. You can google the very simple procedure, and that\'s all.Screen. the Screen is tall, but less wide than other premium phones, if you\'re coming from another Samsung phone like the Galaxy S8, then you\'ll be already used to the taller screen, but to be honest, i have yet to find the true advantage of the curved edges on these phones, in fact, they can be more of a hassle than a true advantage, this is mainly cause it make the screen more exposed to accidental taps, or in case of a fall, it also make the screen more fragile and prone to cracking easier than traditional screens. Brightness is good, but nothing out of this world, the advantage about this screen technology is that the phone is more visible under bright light like outdoors without cranking up the brightness to full. But the one thing that i don\'t quite like about these screens is that the white background is never a pure white light, there\'s is always a hue that make whites look more like a grayish or depending on the setting, a yellowish white. In my opinion, the (LG V20) not the 30! offers a much better screen in this aspect. The bad thing is that with the V20, in order for you to get the super clean bright white background, you must adjust the backlight to the highest setting, and that eats up your battery faster. But like i said, the Note 8 is not a huge upgrade over a phone like the V20 not only for the screen brightness and clarity, but also the screen ratio, the LG V20 is smaller, but it\'s also wider, so it makes the web surfing look better and easier than a taller phone, like the Note 8.Battery life, it\'s actually very good, in fact, one of the best features i can notice on this phone, and that\'s a good thing. If you remember to use the phone\'s Optimizer feature from the Settings menu and run the app a few times during the day, you won\'t have to lower your screen brightness or reduce the phone speed via Power Save mode in order to stretch your battery to last through the day with heavy usage. What the Optimize feature does is that it actually closes all opened apps that remain consuming the phone\'s resources on the background even when you think you closed the app and you might assume that operation was killed from running after you exit them, they keep running forever if they are not killed by the phone\'s Optimizer app. Wireless Charging, it\'s quite convenient and faster than it used to be, not a lot faster, but definitely faster, i have a few generic wireless charging pads from over a year or two ago, and they work and charge the Note 8 fairly fast and efficiently, without me having to shell out a ridiculous amount of money on a new "Fast Wireless Charger" with a Samsung logo on it.The Pen, i know that this is one of the advertising selling points on the Galaxy Note Line of Samsung for years, but in all honesty, i have owned almost every Note Samsung has produced, and i have never used the pen more than twice on each phone. Some people can\'t live without it, but i simply have no use at all for it. The pen does work as intended though, it is a nice feature and much easier to detach from the phone now than its previous versions.The accessories included are nice and may be a needed thing for some people, it comes with cable adapters for the most common USB connectors and a set of earbuds which i have not even taken out of the box, i already own high quality in ear monitors. The 3.5mm headphone jack is an appreciated feature as many phone makers are eliminating them. But Samsung seriously needs to work on the internal sound components.Sound Quality of the Headphone Jack. This is the weakest and most generic feature of this phone, i mean, i paid almost a thousand dollars for this phone, and the sound quality simply sucks. Forget about the Adapt Sound feature and all the mimics you can possibly try on this phone, the hardware is simply not there to back up any software that may help improve the sound a lil bit. I\'m coming from the LG V20, and for much less than half the price of this phone, LG was able to include a very decent sound quality on their phones, worthy of a premium phone.The camera, It is good, but there are other great cameras out there that perform just as well as this one. I prefer the pictures and features i had with my LG V20\'s cameras.Water proofing, this is a nice thing to have, but it\'s one of those features that i rather not test, unless I\'m caught up out there while it\'s pouring, or i accidentally fall into a pool while carrying my phone in the pocket. This is a Good thing over the LG V20 i used to have.Fingerprint reader, i don\'t use it, but i have tested it, and it works great.Available cases and accessories. I wish there was more available flip cases for this phone that would actually provide a helpful function, and were not ridiculously priced like the Samsung\'s cases. The always on screen is a nice feature, but very case unfriendly. I wouldn\'t carry this phone without a flip case that covers the screen from scratches or exposure, even the phone is advertised to come with Gorilla Glass, it is very easy to scratch the screen without having to use a drill bit like in the videos advertising it.Hardware and function. The phone is fast, and if there\'s an app that freezes up or you are forced to close, chances are that it is the App itself that is buggy and not the phone hardware that cannot run it properly. For ex. facebook, it freezes at times, or keeps playing the sound of certain videos long after you\'ve scrolled down several stories. This is clearly a bug in the app, nd it forces you to close facebook and reload it again.Six gigs of memory on the phone are more than sufficient for anything you may ever think about doing with the phone. Android is a great OS, but they have a lot of work to do in order to optimize the background data, so many processes and apps running in the background may not affect the phone\'s speed, but certainly decreases the battery life considerably.Final Thoughts, like i started this review, this phone is a great upgrade depending on where you\'re coming from. In my case, i was using the LG V20, and that is a very good phone, specially for the price. So paying almost 4 times as much money for the Note 8 doesn\'t really make much sense, but like everything in life, in order for me to find out, i had to pull the trigger and use this phone for a while to discover that what i had was not inferior at all except for very small and relatively unimportant details. I won\'t be "upgrading" my Samsung phone until Samsung decides to include a decent sound DAC and AMP for the headphone jack. A thousand dollars should buy me a much better sound hardware than what it is included in this phone.', 'title': 'Good phone, not necessarily an upgrade depending on which ...', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'Rodolfo Farinas Jr.', 'date': 'January 3, 2018', 'votes': '9', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "i have the verizon version and absolutely love it better the my previous s8 plus and s6 edge plus. the s-pen is super easy to use and very helpful and innovative when browsing and doing a multitude of things. it doesn't feel large in my hand at all and still fits into my pant pockets. i don't think i will ever downgrade to a lesser samsung model. it's note all the way!PLEASE NOTE: MY PICS ARE OF MY PHONE AFTER THE BLUE SKIN WAS APPLIED!", 'title': 'i have the verizon version and absolutely love it better the my previous s8 plus and s6 ...', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'wimbledonn', 'date': 'October 12, 2017', 'votes': '15', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'Extremely fragile. After only 6 days of use it fell from my hand to the table (about 5 inches) and the screen cracked, part of the screen went green and stopped working. What about the "gorilla glass"?? What kind of "gorilla glass" can\'t resist to a 5 inch fall? Samsung has charged me 430 dollars (in Brazil) to Fix the damn thing.DON\'T BUY IT!!', 'title': 'The screen is so fragile that it cracked after a 5 INCH FALL!!', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'December 1, 2017', 'votes': '41', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'This is a great device. Usb-c supported. Weather proof. 3 cameras. Win win win.  I love it. Fingerprint sensor is on rear. Gyro sensor. Android 7.1. Encrypted. Great improved 7 pen. High resolution. Live photos. Iris fingerprint and facial recognition. Samsung pay... Do I need to go on? Ok... expandable memory. Long battery life. Samsung secure folder. Samsung smart switch.  Ant+ .... octocore...', 'title': '"A+"', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'DN 5.56x45', 'date': 'October 26, 2017', 'votes': '9', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "I have not learned all the features yet but this is the best phone I have ever owned. The camera is the best especially when paring with my Samsung TV's. The music side is outstanding and don't for get the Note and the pen.", 'title': '... learned all the features yet but this is the best phone I have ever owned', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Jim Stovall', 'date': 'September 20, 2017', 'votes': '10', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "I absolutely love this phone. There is so much it can do. I just upgraded from a Note 3 which I also loved. The Note 8 is quick, responsive and has many facets. I love the Edge feature where you can pull across the sidebar and look at notes, contacts, weather, your calendar etc and then close it when you're done. I can't wait to discover all it does. It was a difficult decision to spend this much money for a phone but it is awesome.", 'title': 'Samsung Note 8- I LOVE IT!!', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Mary Hinson', 'date': 'September 26, 2017', 'votes': '8', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'Pros: good looking screen, snappy performance, no connectivity issues, and elegant design, cheap to expand local storage with add-in microSD, water and dust proof are nice improvements over the Note 5 I had before. Camera speed and image quality are very good for a cell phone. Wireless charger I got with that phone still works with this one. So far, no explosions or fire, so that\'s good. Overall, the best Android phone for those who want a big screen and think the pen is handy, like me.Cons:So big and smooth it\'s hard to hold without risk of it slipping out of your hand without a silicone or rubber case even with large hands, but with the curved edge-to-edge screen even a Note8 designed case makes hitting the edge controls and last column of keyboard characters a challenge with human adult sized fingers.Prices for halo phones are getting into the "maybe upgrading every 2 years isn\'t necessary" range.Stupid fingerprint reader placement, right next to the phone lens which you want to never touch with your fingers to avoid smudges.The eject pinhole and the microphone pinhole are exactly the same size, and the official instruction website just shows a wireframe black rectangle and says stick the pin into the corresponding hole, so it\'s unclear which one you need to jam the needle tip into to pop the SIM card drawer open to install a microSD card - probably bad things would happen if you pushed it in the wrong hole too far. (the right hole is the one at the top of the phone).', 'title': 'good looking screen', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'Jay', 'date': 'September 24, 2017', 'votes': '13', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "I recently upgraded to the Note 8 from a Galaxy S6 Edge Plus and the Note 8 is a major improvement. Battery life appears to be at least 3 times that of the S6. The 8 is bigger, but not unwieldy. There are lots of operating system improvements. Bixby doesn't seem to work very well, but Google Assistant is really helpful with excellent voice recognition. I haven't used the S-Pen much, but it is nice to have something to take notes with without searching for a pen and paper. The camera seems to have excellent resolution as well. With all the available discounts on Verizon, the phone is approximately half price and for me a great upgrade!", 'title': 'but Google Assistant is really helpful with excellent voice recognition', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'John', 'date': 'September 26, 2017', 'votes': '5', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "I've had almost all of the Samsung phones and this is by far THE. BEST. PHONE. EVER.  Period. So many features, so slim and powerful, amazing camera, great sound and options to change the sound, SD card capable (as with rest of Samsungs), great battery life, alternative security features. The S Pen is really cool and works like a charm. Samsung has really perfected the technology. Really happy about this phone!!  Samsung got it 100% right this time. P.S. bought mine from TMobile directly on the Jump plan. Traded up from the Galaxy S7", 'title': 'Best Phone Ever!!', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'RosesAreRed', 'date': 'September 15, 2017', 'votes': '9', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "In order for me to do a complete review for this device I'd need to write a Trilogy! I will try to make this as brief as possible. First off, the display on this phone is breathtaking. Coming from a Galaxy S6 I never knew that a AMOLED display could outperform another AMOLED display. I also love that it's waterproof! I hesitated to use it in the rain since I've never had a waterproof phone before but now I don't even think about it. Next the camera was better than I imagined it would be. Zooming is incredible and I'm able to take high-speed photos without any distortion. 4K video is performs pretty much the same as my S6. It is nice that I can also plug my phone into a HDMI splitter and connect it to my TV. I haven't tried the DeX station yet but my S6 didn't support MHL so that's a nice addition. Call quality is pretty good. I love that this phone is Unlocked so it is not adhered to any one can. I have it on AT&T and believe it or not I do miss some of the functions from my S6. I would like to find out how to get their WiFi calling, Advanced Messaging, and VoLTE capability. Next, I did not think I would use the S Pen nearly as much as I do but there is so much you can do with it. Thank God I have legible handwriting or that fearure would be useless. However, my favorite thing to do is going into the PENUP app and doing some coloring. Suffice it to say the S Pen is amazing and you'll use it more than you think. Next thing that is amazing to use is the new Gear VR. It comes with a micro USB adapter so it's backwards compatible with my S6, if I really cared to use it. The last thing I'll talk about is how powerful this phone is. I thought having an Octa-Core processor and 3GB RAM in the S6 was amazing. With the Snapdragon 835 and 6GB this phone has no LAG! I'm not exaggerating either. So, if you want my opinion and you were really considering to get this phone GET IT!", 'title': 'Best Samsung Phone Ever!', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Brandon', 'date': 'November 9, 2017', 'votes': '5', 'verified_purchase': True}][{'body': "Amazing phone, but I didn't notice any improvement worth the money over my current note 4. In fact, I already learned this lesson when I upgraded from the note 2 to the 4...I already had mobile pay and most other features on the 2. While it does seem there are some improvements in the camera photo quality and performance with each upgrade (which is a big deal to me!!), Im already so happy with my note 4 that I'm not ready to spend a grand on a new version which is pretty much the same phone. I did not like the taller screen, it reformats youtube videos to a smaller size and leaves an inch of nonused screen on each side (something I feared since the shape changed to so longer). My note 4 is a perfectly filled screen for internet, youtube and my own camera videos. Even with amaxons amazing black friday discount, i decided to return it. I can buy replacement batteries for this old phone from walmartt for less than twenty bucks. I'm good with the note 4 for now, thanks though samsung. :)", 'title': 'Kept the Note 4', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'Don K', 'date': 'December 12, 2017', 'votes': '3', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "I received the Note 8 on 11/24/2017 and activated it on the Verizon network on 11/27/2017. It is a great phone except that I discovered that important features are blocked by Verizon including visual voicemail and HD Voice. Nowhere on Amazon's webpage or Samsung's webpage or Verizon's webpage do they warn you that critical features will be blocked by Verizon or other wireless carriers. Visual voicemail is a critical feature, it allows you to see a list of your voicemail and play them at your convenience, no need to dial into Verizon basic voicemail and listen to the massively annoying and slow process of hearing your voicemail read back by a robot. Verizon prevents you from installing their visual voicemail app (the free and the paid versions) on any unlocked phone. HD Voice is also disabled and there may be other features disabled that I have not discovered yet. HD Voice allows voice calls over the 4G network for clear audio and it allows you to surf the internet while on a voice call. I have spent 3 full days researching this issue and there appears to be no solution. We simply cannot get visual voicemail or HDVoice in these unlocked phones. These are free services included in your monthly bill that we cannot use, yet we must pay the bill in full. The only recourse appears to be to return the phone to Amazon or Samsung for a full refund and buy a locked version from Verizon or another carrier. Our only hope is that many customers will demand refunds and complain to Verizon and any other carrier that blocks features. I do not know of any carrier that allows visual voice mail or 3rd party apps such as Google Voice to work with these unlocked phones. So if you want convenient visual voicemail and features such as HDVoice, it is a mistake to buy an unlocked phone at this time. The more complaints Amazon, Samsung and Verizon hear about this problem, the faster it will be resolved.", 'title': 'Major Problems with Unlocked Phone', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'WRW', 'date': 'December 3, 2017', 'votes': '15', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'I loved my old Samsung Note 4 until the screen broke and would have cost more to fix than the phone was worth. The Note 8 is definitely a huge improvement on many fronts -- a more vivid screen, a zippier processor, more than ample memory, above-average battery life, wireless charging, and superb security features. The Note 8 can be unlocked by fingerprint sensor, iris detection, face detection, voice recognition, passcode or pattern, authorized GPS location(s), and detection of registered Bluetooth devices nearby; these security measures are used concurrently, so there is rarely any hesitation in unlocking the phone. So why only three stars? First, I hate the curved "infinity" screen -- it\'s not well-protected by any case I have found and it scratches far too easily. Second, the S-Pen stylus is far too sensitive, making it extremely difficult to write legibly or make accurate drawings, for example; unfortunately, the stylus sensitivity is NOT adjustable, which is a huge miss, in my opinion. Hell, the stylus is the reason most users buy the Note 8 instead of the Galaxy S8, so to not offer a customizable experience is absolutely baffling! Lastly, Bluetooth performance is pretty weak for a flagship phone like this. I regularly have connection problems on a multitude of devices, can\'t stray more than a dozen feet away, and suffer annoying drop-outs on wireless earbuds -- all problems that my wife doesn\'t have with her much older iPhone. Come on, Samsung, get your sh*t together! For 900 bucks I expect a lot more than a phone that won\'t burn up in my pocket.', 'title': 'Great phone with disappointing stylus', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'Matthew Abell', 'date': 'November 27, 2017', 'votes': '6', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'My Samsung Galaxy Note 8 will not connect/pair with car audio as a Bluetooth media player.  My car is now void of my favorite media.  At least the call/hands-free audio connects via Bluetooth with no issues.My Note 3 connected/paired with my Lexus audio with no issues; the Bluetooth hands-free phone option and media worked flawlessly for years.  Before purchasing my expensive Note 8 I listened to media on my Note 3 daily; now I must connect a cable to the headphone jack if I want to listen to media through the car audio!My research of the problem revealed others with the same issue; Samsung\'s Support resolution is "upgrade the software/firmware in the car"!  After spending a grand on a phone, the thought of spending more money on car software/firmware updates raised my blood pressure.  (It will likely not resolve the issue; it did not for others.)  I\'m shocked that such a basic feature does not work, especially with the flagship product of Samsung.  Moreover, the feature worked with my Note 3 so I simply do not understand why Samsung somehow released a newer version of the same premium phone that is not [backwards] compatiable.I\'m both frustrated and unhappy each time I drive now.  I\'m very tempted to return the phone but I\'m hoping Samsung will release an software update that resolved the issue.  If this Bluetooth media audio connection issue is not fixed in an update soon I will be even more disappointed and have to admit I made an expensive mistake by investing in this premium Samsung smartphone.I\'m a big fan of Samsung phones; the Note 8 is my third Samsung Galaxy Note phone.  And I have encouraged others to buy Samsung handsets.  If the issue is not resolved it will likely be the last Samsung phone I purchase.', 'title': "Don't Buy If You Listen to Media via Bluetooth Car Audio", 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'D. Melonson', 'date': 'December 10, 2017', 'votes': '15', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Coming from an iPhone 6+, I was looking for something new and exciting in my next phone. My two options were the Pixel 2 or the Note 8. Previously used a Note 2 so it had been some time since I last used Android. I was dreading the iOS/Android conversion process but figured whatever. After setting up my phone with the apps/music/etc, it's quite fast and very snappy. Took some time getting used to the size since it's a tad skinnier/taller than an iPhone plus model but I'm sure it' won't be an issue after a couple weeks or so. Pretty much everything on the phone is very nice from the S-Pen to the display. The display is very crisp and bright and I like the fact you can change the default resolution of it. On the highest setting, apps, web pages, text, etc, all seem to pop off the screen. Very nice and something definitely worth the switch. I always get unlocked phones so I can bypass all the bloatware garbage the carriers install on these phones. With a stock Android/Samsung setup, everything works well and is very speedy. One thing I found cumbersome/irritating were all the different options/settings on this thing. Considerably more than just about any other phone I've used. Definitely takes some time getting used to. Battery life seems good. I use my phone quite heavily throughout the day and battery life hasn't been an issue yet. The S-Pen is definitely a nifty little tool for everything from doodling or whatever. I haven't really used it much but definitely a nice accessory. So far it's been a pretty solid experience with this phone so I'm hoping the battery thing from Note 7 won't be happening with this phone.", 'title': 'Very nice phone.', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'h1r0l3r', 'date': 'November 27, 2017', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'This factory unlocked Note 8 will not allow you to enable the entire "Advanced Calling\' subset of functions if you are a Verizon user. This means no Wifi calling, a complete deal-breaker for me. Hours wasted with Samsung Tech Support *who ultimately hung up on me during a \'transfer\'* and multiple Verizon CSRs, got bounced from one to the other saying, "Not us, you\'ve got to go through them."Thankfully Amazon customer support actually understood my grievance with this phone that is advertised to work with any carrier in the US. It technically partially works; LTE, CDMA, 802.11AC all fine, just no firmware support for advanced calling features (though oddly, VoLTE did function).The phablet itself is well made, and the display looks good when looking directly at it. The display otherwise has a terrible blue-shift when looking at even 10º off angle in any axis. I was very surprised to discover this after reading so many positive, professional review sites exclaiming the virtues of the Super AMOLED display. It\'s also a little stuttery, as if the GPU can\'t draw over 60FPS when scrolling in Chrome. Those downsides mentioned, the display looks incredible under the right circumstances being perpendicular to your view plane, and not skewed off axis laterally at all.The camera is also stupid nice.I didn\'t have time to enjoy the S-Pen due to hours wasted today in trying to get basic, 4YO calling functionality working on this $1k device. That mentioned, I think that I will try buying it directly through Verizon since I\'m sick of iOS.Cheers, and I hope that Amazon CS updates the advertising on this page to reflect this glaring omission of an otherwise good product. Experience: -1 stars (negative stars...) Phone itself seems to have 4-star potential after customizing the UX.', 'title': 'CAUTION: No Wi-Fi Calling on Verizon. Pretty Nice Phone Otherwise', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'Carl', 'date': 'September 18, 2017', 'votes': '24', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'This is my 3rd Note phone.  I just upgraded from a Note 4.  I was planning on getting a Note 7 last year, but started to see the "fire" stories just before I went to purchase, and waited another year.I was a little disappointed the body was slimmed down compared to my Note four (I liked the wider real estate for videos), but have quickly gotten over it.  I\'m still learning the new features, and especially like a few such as being able to swipe up for apps vs hitting app key, always on display and the many places to hide groups of your favorite apps.  On a day one appraisal, it seems to be quite quick and fluid. Wireless charging works like a charm, even through a case, and wireless charging pads do not cost an arm and a leg...authorized dealers sell them for as little as $20, and you can find them on that auction site for as little as $7.  Camera takes awesome photos and HD video, although I have not tried the dual lens feature yet.  Getting rid of the physical home button was long over due.  I did not purchase my phone here, I purchased it at that big box electronics store, and unlocked was actually $20 cheaper than the AT&T (my carrier) model.  Something you need to know if getting an unlocked one...the sim from your old phone may or may not fit (mine did not), but if you have the older, larger sim, just take it to your carrier and they will "punch" the chip out of it free, so it will fit the Note 8, and save you the $$ of buying a new sim.Now for the cons:1) PRICE.  Tax included this phone will set you back $1,000.  This is the future of new premium phones, and that future is EXPENSIVE.2) Non-removable battery.  This phone is not noticeably thinner than my Note 4...so they can\'t blame "saving space" as a reason not to return to removable batteries as people have been begging for ever since they took them away with the Note 5.  They are just following Apples lead by building in an expiration date (when your battery dies).  I HATE this new trend, but pretty much all premium phones now have non-removable batteries, so what are you gonna do?3) 128GB?  What 128GB model?  Stories have been put out that the Note 8 would be available in 64GB and 128GB models...AT&T does not have them, the big box store where I bought mine did not have them...do they even exist?Update 12/01/17:This is my first "unlocked" phone. I have used AT&T models before this. After buying, there was a SYSTEM update available immediately, but I don\'t have to mess with the monthly AT&T "security" updates... I call BS on security updates, it seemed that after every monthly update from AT&T, I got more, and more and more spam...the updates seemed to be nothing more than open invites to my phones bandwidth.  Best $20 I ever saved.', 'title': 'Another home run for Samsung', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Skullywag', 'date': 'September 17, 2017', 'votes': '9', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'ceptional phone! New features galore and all an improvement to every Galaxy Note I\'ve owned (which has been all of them). If you\'re concerned about having to learn a new phone and a new way to do everything you\'re already used to doing on your old phone, No Worries. Besides a bit more of Samsung integration  (mostly helpful if you don\'t count Bixby yet). Like better & easier backup/restore options, more freedom with settings and customization if you want to utilize them, an easy top notch optimization tool and ways to integrate old apps in a way that will utilize everything this phone can offer. Everything that was new and complicated in learning a new phone is intuitive, cleaner looking and better organized. The manner everything is presented leads to an enjoyable experience of discovery in to what this phone is capable of. Rather than the frustrating research into countless forums and how-to materials to find out what\'s new, how it works and how to make it do what you needTo put it simply, this phone is intuitive in presentation without sacrificing depth of implementation.Only problems I\'ve had are:- Glass Back,  Within the first 2 weeks of having the phone my cat knocked it off My 2\' high coffee table onto a ceramic bowl/planter.  It immediately cracked the glass and spider webbed across the back of the phone.- Second, Bixby... it doesn\'t feel like an all-in-one go to assistant utility. It feels kinda scattered a bit like a few little, though creative and cool, Bixby "apps" that can do specific things by themselves but work together with an otherwise pretty basic Bixby assistant. Fortunately it\'s easy to turn off and Samsung makes sure to present options to use another assistant if you\'d like.- Lastly, The screen, It\'s big it\'s beautiful it\'s amazing but there are a few apps I found that don\'t wanna work with it because the developers haven\'t updated them to fit within the screen size. ( Like trying to watch widescreen movies on an old standard TV back in the day)And not necessarily a complaint but just an observation..... the speaker is arguably par of not sub par... in clarity and volume. It\'s not auditory garbage but just a bit above basic and unusable.Otherwise... easily my favorite device I own right now. I wanna buy it a dress and marry it. But unfortunately I\'m broke...The Note 8 is an expensive temptress.', 'title': "Phone equivalent of a beautiful princess tiara.....that's worn by Batman.", 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Rhys Cyrus', 'date': 'November 26, 2017', 'votes': '3', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "I shelved my iPhone 8 Plus for this and don't regret it at all.  I've been using the iPhone since the iPhone 3G and have loved the finished polish of ios and Apple devices in general.  Why did I get the Galaxy Note 8?  Two main reasons:  1) More bang for my buck-I spent less on the Galaxy Note 8 but got so much more in the way of features and specs.  Whereas the 8 Plus was lacking so many common features found in many of the top end phones today, I feel the Note 8 has gotten me back up to date with the latest tech available for smart devices.  I essential got everything the iPhone X and 8 Plus offer in one package and for less.  The build quality is excellent and I'm not restricted to just Samsung products to get the most out of my device.  I have this phone in a Otterbox Defender Series case and wireless charging works fine every time.  Face ID, Iris Scanning, Fingerprint ID, and Pin Codes all work without a problem (at least for me).  It comes with Android 7.1.1 modified by Samsung.  It's fast and fluid and because it's Android, heavily modifiable (unlike Apple anything).  Yes, the phone only comes with 64GB, but yes it is possible to put up to 256GB of memory in the device and be golden.  If you don't want to put 256, put 128, or 64 or however much your wallet can afford, which leads me to the second point,  2) Options! So many options!  I've dealt with android before so I know most of this has to do with the operating system, but there is so much you can do with this device in the way of customizing the performance,, maintaining battery life, personalizing the interface, and increasing productivity to your hearts content.  Samsung has several preinstalled apps on the device that are in fact quite useful, but if you don't  want them, uninstall them and that's it.  No penalty, no harm, no foul.  Samsung also has a Themes app that makes it easy to download both free and paid themes for the device.  The complexity of the device (and of Android in general) is not for everyone.  There is a lot you can tweak and alter to get all that you would want out of the device.  Of course there are plenty of presets in various categories to help the casual user streamline the customization process too, so there is no need to be shy.  Overall I really enjoy this smartphone and am happy to use it as my daily driver.  Battery life is acceptable ( I work a 10 hour shift in the mornings and when I come home in the evenings I'm normally somewhere between 77-83 percent battery power.  This is after spending the day checking emails, maybe making a call or two, and watching Youtube videos  during my breaks.  Also the phone is paired with a Samsung Gear S3 smart watch (also awesome, but not perfect for my tastes).  I'm using this device on Straight Talk's AT&T network and I get 84-87 Mbps download speeds while in a metal hangar at work.  Whenever Samsung actually releases the next version in their Galaxy series I will be looking with great intention to upgrade if possible.", 'title': 'Unlocked Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (US Version) Not for everyone, but just right for me.', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'SerenityFade', 'date': 'December 18, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Samsung galaxy note 8 is so Awesome.Just everything about the phone, from the huge crystal clear High Definition screen, to the super awesome camera/ video resolution. 64 GB built in memory. I highly recommend getting the Tech 21 Brand case, which is very strong and durable case.Money well spend.........👍👍👍😁😁😁', 'title': 'NOTE 8 IS AWESOME👍👍👍😁😁😁', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'JAX', 'date': 'October 9, 2017', 'votes': '4', 'verified_purchase': False}][{'body': "I use this phone since it's in the market and it still my main phone- it run speed and smooth- best camera- S pen is very useful- best screen in the market - a lot of choices to unlock the screen the only two down sides is- place of the finger print- size of batterySAMSUNG hope these two things change in note 9", 'title': 'Note 8 one of the most powerful phones for 2017', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Obayda', 'date': 'December 22, 2017', 'votes': '4', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'This is the latest generation Galaxy Note device from Samsung released this month and I think its one of the best devices produced by Samsung so far. I am personally a big Note series fan as i have used all the note devices before and this one by far is the best in comparison. like any other Samsung smartphone this device is also loaded with features useful for all types of people like students, business personnel and even for those at home at everyday use. this new device is also equipped with new dual lens 12MP camera which enhanced the photography experience to the next level. this camera has latest features like dark imaging enhancer, dual background imaging which takes up to 23% more image than you need with extended wide angle imaging. all these features are more than beyond attracted to people who are involved in photography as this gadget is the perfect fit for them as this phone is more portable than a professional DSLR camera.moreover Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has a new end to end display which is the most sharp display with super amolded screen 4. This new screen has sharpest resolution Samsung has made with spectrum producing millions shades of colors. I think this is the best infinity display in the market compared to its competitors.This new Note phone as also received a very impressive IP68 rating for dust resistance and water resistance. this is the highest rating given to the phone for water resistance in the market as this phone can withstand under water of depth of 1.5 meters for 30 mins. its an impressive figure for people using this phone outdoors in conditions like rainfall.like always Samsung Note phones comes with a stylus S pen which from years have improved. this time around samsung has released the S pen with new over haul design and more than ever sensitive response. there are endless activities a person can perform with the new stylus making the phone more practical than ever. the stylus allows you to do multitasking at very efficient ways like taking notes in class or recording the data for an assignment outdoors without need of a laptop. it also connects to your social media and allows you to write and draw many types of emoji and facial expressions making communication more realistic than before. there is also a new feature this time around which allows you to write on screen with your phone locked to make quick notes.All these high tech innovative features and specifications like powerful snapdragon 835 processor with 6 GB RAM and options for micro SD card installation comes with a hefty price of $950 which is a lot to ask for. This device may also lack in repairing department as filled with so much technology, it may be impossible to get it repair if something wrong happens to it.Overall in my opinion I think this device is the new leap forward in the smartphone technology and is something to look forward to with very minor downfalls and multiple uses, this device is one to get for everyone.', 'title': 'One of the best devices produced by Samsung so far...', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Shahroze K.', 'date': 'September 22, 2017', 'votes': '6', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "It's a good, powerful phone with a useful stylus.  Disappointments come into play with such an expensive phone though.  A few of my thoughts migrating from a Note 4 (which I though was pretty fantastic).- I don't get the curved screen.  Seems like a stupid gimmick to me that has little practical purpose and just makes the phone easier to break and more expensive to fix.  A lot of people buying a Note are looking for the largest display they can get and still be practical to have on their person all the time.  Why bend the edges of that premium display so that 5% of display real estate is now distorted?  Also, how do people use these phones without a case without inadvertently activating something on the screen?  Stupid.- I miss the dedicated buttons.  Give me back the display real-estate used by the curved edges and then I'll give it up again to get my dedicated buttons back.  I never realized how much I used the back button until I got the Note 8.  Now I have to slide up the button bar (activating something I didn't want to activate about 5% of the time) and then tap the virtual back button.  What a pain.  And since many apps put their in-app back-button in the upper-left corner of the screen, it's even more of a pain on a large phone like the Note 8.- Battery is OK I guess.  Seems to last quite a bit longer on stand-by than my Note 4 but actual use-time only seems to be a little bit better than my Note 4.  That worries my a little because the Note 8's battery can't be swapped out like the Note 4.  I hope it stays strong for at least a couple of years.- Bixby: I don't use it.  And it's pretty annoying that Samsung saw fit to put in a dedicated button for it.  At least let me program it to use as a dedicated back-button, Samsung, since you took that away.- Glass back sucks.  Really.  It really seems that Samsung's objective is to make the phone as fragile and hard-to-hold as possible.This is unethical.- Home screens don't rotate continuously.  I suspect that this was another sacrifice of usability in order to push Bixby.  Stupid.- The screen is great but I guess it should be on a $1,000 phone.- Camera seems good so far, but again, it should be.", 'title': "Good, powerful phone with some annoying design decisions (if I wanted design over functionality, I'd buy an iPhone)", 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'Daniel Travieso', 'date': 'December 29, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'I have been using iPhones since my first smartphone and this phone has gotten me to convert to Android. Although phones continue to get more expensive, Samsung manages to have great sales on their phones. I personally got my phone on a Black Friday special for just $600. I could not be more happy with this phone.  Let me address the common issues with this phone for starters. This is one of the largest phones on the market and if you have small hands or even just slightly under average size hands this phone most likely will not be for you. If you have average size hands, like me, you can get away with putting a pop socket on the back to handle the phone. Battery life on the phone was slightly sacrificed by putting the S-Pen in, but the battery is fairly large and there is also battery saver mode. It is also made out of all glass and can be very slippery without a case.  Some of my personal favorite things about the phone, even after using it for the last 2 months, the S-Pen. Many reviews say that you will get over it after using it a few times but as a finance major, I am fascinated by the stock market and cryptocurrency. I HATE having streaks all over my screen so the S-Pen just seems like the best action to take to prevent them. Also, coming from an iPhone, I was not a fan of the screen size but it quickly grew on me and I have found it to be one of the nicest features on the Note 8. I am also a fan of the always-on display, I can have my phone sitting on my desk and not have to touch it to see if I have received any notification and it only drains the battery about 1-2% per day.  Overall one of the best phones I have ever used and I can happily say that I have been converted.', 'title': 'Longtime iPhone user converted.', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'Travis Huber', 'date': 'January 17, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "So far so good.  Had some trouble with the shipping. First one did not arrive.  But Amazon replaced the order.  I really appreciate their quick and no nonsense response. Note, there is a 72 hour wait for missing items.  Either way no real problems with the phone. 5 out of 5 star performance.  The only hangup is swapping from secure and normal mode.  The system have crashed three times early on and seems stable now.  This may prove to be a real deal breaker if it continues.  Hoping it won't because this is simply the best phone Samsung had made in my opinion. And for either secure or enterprise purposes it is exceptional and the best available.  The current S-pen outshines all the previous pens. Not many new features compared to note7's pen but it feels smoother and more responsive imo.5 stars for a 5-star  product.And if you use Samsung's before, I can tell you the bloat is well worth the phone -- both because of the hardware and, better yet, the Samsung apps quality is actually good now.", 'title': 'So far so good. Had some trouble with the shipping', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Quang Pham', 'date': 'December 19, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Upgraded from a Note 4 to this as Note 7 was kinda....you know....Note 8 is a solid phone, tons of features, improved S-pen (again coming from the Note 4) and the best part no garbage bottle-ware from carriers on the unlock. I connected my S3 watch to this and battery draining was not an issue with light-moderate use of watch with phone. Almond infinite screen. And a free gift with purchase through Samsung Shop app. Only thing I am picky on is the location of the finger print scanner and camera on the back side of the phone.', 'title': 'Coming for a Note 4 this phone is like night and day', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Stavan', 'date': 'September 14, 2017', 'votes': '13', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Had it for a couple of days now and no complaints WHATSOEVER! Had Note 3, 4, and 7.This has lived up to the hype, does everything a Galaxy Note ever did for me and better. It has the best feel of any phone I have known. Glad and very satisfied with purchase.Sure, no gadget can be at par with every customer's technology-driven bells and whistle wish-list, due to lag time between design wrap-up and production ramp-up. But, this comes reasonably close to excellent and timely delivery of useful innovations. So what, it doesn't support t-mobile's new Band 71. Neither does Apple's new iPhone X.I like the fact that Samsung is pushing the envelope and staying years ahead of Apple in innovation incorporation in this flagship product line.From comparisons I have read so far, this beats iPhone X, hands down. on just about every count.", 'title': 'LIVING UP TO THE HYPE and MORE', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Photon', 'date': 'September 13, 2017', 'votes': '5', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'I have been an Apple fan since day one. I have had every single iPhone since they came out, except for this year. Finally realizing how Apple is not even on the cutting edge of phones. I switched from an iPhone 7plus to the Galaxy Note 8 and it is an  extraordinary phone. Great display, great pictures and everything you could want in a phone. IPhone Xpensive, this thing has a finger print scanner, face scanner and an iris scanner!! So happy I switched', 'title': 'From a lifelong Apple fan', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'November 18, 2017', 'votes': '4', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'I have been an iPhone junkie since the iPhone 4 thru 6S+. Am so glad I switched to the Note 8! Batt life is a lot longer than my former s6+, and the customization available thru Android is a heck of a lot better and easier than ios. Yes, this model is a bit pricey, but am still glad I made the switch.', 'title': 'Better than my iPhone S6+', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'FotoGraffer', 'date': 'September 23, 2017', 'votes': '3', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "In my opinion this is the best phone out right now.It may dont have the best camera but still the camera in this phone is amazing.The display in this phone is incredible, some times it looks like a sticker, is crazy good.Im not a big fan of the edges on the side ofThe screen because is really hard to find a screen protector that work properly on it, however i have to admit, it does looks cool.The battery life is good but not great, overall performance in this phone is pretty good, I haven't had any problems so far.One major issue with this phone is theprice, there is a lot of good phones out there for half of the price of the note 8 sofor someone in a tight budget this may not be a good option, however considering the amount of things this phone can do, and what the competition has to offer, i have to say the price is worth it, this phone is like a Swiss Army knife, let me explain...The S pen.3.5 mm headphone jack.Really good headphones in the box.Micro sd card support.Fingerprint scanner.Iris scanner.Face recognition.heart rate monitor sensor.Fast Wireless charging.I dont thing i need to keep going with this, you get the point 😉", 'title': 'Samsung has done it again!', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Victor m.', 'date': 'November 19, 2017', 'votes': '4', 'verified_purchase': False}][{'body': "I worked for Apple as a Genius.  I have had every model Iphone since the launch in 2007.  When Apple had the Iphone 5 I look at the Galaxy phones by Samsung and was pissed that they had features that Apple didnt equip on their phones.  I didnt feel like switching out of the hold Apple had over me.  You know all the crap I had in their ecosystem.  Now that Apple launched the Iphone X and wanted 1,000 for a phone which now they are going to finally add features that Samsung had for years I said nope I'm out.  I ripped the DRM off of my content and moved my data for the switch.  Once I got my Note * I wanted to kick myself for not switching earlier like I intended to do.  Yeah yeah Apple makes a good product too, but I'm tired of their BS.  Being an insider they play games that consumers dont even realize.  The I in the Apple products is for Individuality.  Apple has lost that.Im sure fanboys are cursing me who cares, keep biting.  Apple lost their creativity in the pursuit of the almighty dollar.  Launching models lacking features, taking away features telling people you don't need them, then adding features other brands already have and acting like they were the first to the party.  All I know is for me I'm happy with my Note *.  Will I buy another Iphone maybe maybe not.  Right now Im happy with the Note 8 adn its performance and its features.  Do whats good for you.", 'title': 'I didnt feel like switching out of the hold Apple had over me', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'strongium90', 'date': 'January 1, 2018', 'votes': '3', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'I did not buy this from Amazon.  But I thought I\'d share my experience in case it helps someone else out.  I\'m using the unlocked version on Total Wireless (YES IT WORKS!).  I contacted total wireless chat to activate my phone.  Process was seamless, everything worked fine.  Until I tested data. I had issues with the data.... UNTIL I changed this setting:Go into Settings, search for mobile networks, go to Access Point Names.  Click on the Access Point to edit it.  And change it to "tracfone.vzwentp".  After making this change, data works on Total Wireless.Also, I use google voice for voicemail only (this is what I use for visual voicemail, I have used this for years and it works pretty good!).  To get this to work, I had to call *71XXXXXXXXXX from my phone, where XXXXXXXXXX is your google voice number.  This sets up call forwarding on your phone so calls will be directed to your google voice number.Hope this helps someone else.', 'title': 'Works on Total Wireless', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'MaeBerry', 'date': 'December 8, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'Great Blak Friday Deal for $799. Easily activated on Verizon prepaid by myself in 2 minutes. Plus with the payment plan through Amazon, I pay$160 a month, which made it a no brainer. So now I have a high end phone and unlimited data plan through Verizon Prepaid for nearly half of what It would cost for a contract option. The phone is fantastic', 'title': 'Save Money, Go Prepaid with this Phone!', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'wiseguy6221', 'date': 'November 29, 2017', 'votes': '3', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "I've had several Samsung Galaxy phones over the years including the Note and Note 3. My last phone was an S7 Edge and while it was a good phone, it left a lot to be desired.Most of my friends have IPhones and I do have an IPad Pro first generation. I was strongly considering the IPhone X until I just happen to see the Samsung Unpacked event on YouTube. Honestly, I have not been this impressed with a phone in years! I was sold when they did the demonstration for Bixby. I've only had it a few days but I am very satisfied so far. I like the security features, the build and quality of the phone, and its versatility. That is one of the things that sets Samsung and Android apart from Apple...You have more freedom to customize your phone to the way you need it to be. Excellent job Samsung!", 'title': 'My last phone was an S7 Edge and while it was a good phone, it left a lot to be desired', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'October 22, 2017', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Great phone but faulty SD card reader. Unfortunately, I was enticed to buy the phone directly from Samsung. I regret this decision as their return policy is terrible. The phone is absolutely amazing! However, when the SD card, which Samsung conveniently delayed the shipping by 3 weeks from when the phone arrived, is inserted into the phone (everything was ordered at the same time)... it only worked for about 2 days prior to giving an SD Card error. I assumed it was a faulty SD card so used a different one I had from a previous phone, the Samsung S7... Unfortunately, the same error even with the different SD card.So, I call Samsung technical support... they agreed, after having me run through several tests, that the error was with the Note 8 SD card reader. Here is the crazy part! They refuse to replace (or take back) the phone stating it was over 2 weeks post delivery. How convenient! They delayed the arrival of the SD card by 3 weeks so that when the error occurs at week 3 they no longer need to take responsibility for the fault in the phone. In all fairness, they are offering to fix the phone but I shouldn\'t have to fix a brand new phone and try to figure out what I am going to use as my phone for the several weeks it will take for them to repair it. They should do the right thing and send me a new one!Anyway, rant over. I would highly suggest that you check the SD function immediately after getting the phone. Mine worked for about 2 days then began giving errors. However, it would be work again once rebooted.... weird. I tried to reinsert the card numerous times and the restart of phone got old really fast. Otherwise, the phone is fantastic!On a related funny note... when I tried to review the phone on Samsung\'s website... I received a "Submission Currently Unavailable" response. Hilarious!', 'title': 'Check the SD Card Reader!', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'Eric', 'date': 'November 30, 2017', 'votes': '6', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'Me and my wife owned Galaxy Notes for last few years. We have recently purchased Note 8 for both of us. Today, she dropped it fro from her dresser to the carpeted floor. Although there are no dings or chips, but the screen cracked! No other notes we owned ever cracked for such puny drop. Hec I dropped my note 4 dozens of times, even on pavements and bathroom floors, but never did much damage. Apparently, I am not alone, if you search the internet, many users are experiencing screen cracking issues. I am also reading about if you drain the battery to 0, your phone may not boot up again.  I think these will be our last Samsung phones since Samsung doesn’t stand by their product.', 'title': 'Don’t drop the phone, not even few feet onto soft floor.', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'I. Kim', 'date': 'January 17, 2018', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "I just made the move up from the NOTE 3, Most everyone here has covered the PRO's and CON's of the device so I'm not going to repeat. I will say for those who say, just go with the S8/8+ the Note series generally out preforms the S series phones. I did keep my NOTE 3 my IR blaster does come in handy I restored my Note 3 and was pleasantly surprised it's still a very fast device. I got my via the Buy one get one free from T-Mobile.. My only issue it's not band 71(600 MHz) ready, which isn't a sticking point for me. It will be for some/", 'title': 'I just made the move up from the NOTE 3 ...', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Num1brattt', 'date': 'October 22, 2017', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'If you consider purchasing Galaxy S7, S8, or Note 8 then you should read this review first. You may have heard from YouTubers that this is the best android device or the best they have ever used or best display on the market. Some of it is true, but there is more things that the YouTube reviewers don\'t discuss on their channel. Samsung is really slow when it comes down to pushing newer security updates and even slower pushing newer version of Android. The most important is constantly getting security updates, there are two major bugs that recently shake the smartphone industry, "KRACK (Wi-Fi Bug)" & "BLUEBORNE (Bluetooth Bug)" every single devices were affected including Apple devices. That said, Google (Nexus and Pixel) and Apple already patched their respective devices, but Samsung is still behind and that leaves vulnerable to hack. May be, you own a business and getting a device to run your business and would carry all the important documents, bank information, or any business related information, your information is at risk.Samsung has come a long way from their Galaxy S4 and Note 3 days, their software is much better now, but it is no where near close to Google\'s Pure Android that is currently being used on Nexus and Pixel. Samsung Experience/Touchwiz is bloated with unnecessary features and apps that runs in the background and eats up the battery. I have seen much better software experience on Google Pixel, and some other devices from Motorola and Sony. Some people love the Samsung\'s extra features and use them often, but others don\'t prefer and want something that is constantly being updated with security measures. There are other issues too related to Samsung Experience (former Touchwiz); I have found various bugs that are not annoying at all, and doesn\'t hinder day to day use, but they are there. Samsung needs to streamline the experience, and curate it towards what consumers really want and prefer. I do not recommend this device.If you have the device that is working perfectly fine, I suggest you wait it out until next Galaxy or Pixel 3 or get Sony Xperia XZ1. And if your device is broken and need something immediate and wants to spend money, it is entirely up to you.', 'title': 'Samsung packs all the features in one device, but read why i chose to gave only 2 stars!', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'Tech Savvy', 'date': 'November 4, 2017', 'votes': '35', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "I got this on sale to replace my long in the tooth note 3. I haven't figured out all the tricks yet, but phone is fast and smooth as silk. Great call quality, does everything I want it for. Even the speakers sound good, and yes, I know other phones can get louder, but I usually use a blue tooth speaker if I want to play music loud.  I love that it's unlocked, I don't have to look a folder full of carrier bloatware. I know the carriers are discounting this phone big time, for the holidays. If you want a phone without the duplicate uninstallable apps, carrier logos, and the ability to get upgrades when the manufacturer puts them out, and unlocked phone is the only way to go.", 'title': "II can't imagine a better phone", 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Randomaxe', 'date': 'December 13, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Still  discovering the tons of features on this beautiful phone.  Still amazed with the battery life of this phone (upgraded from the Note 4-poor battery life).', 'title': 'Still discovering the tons of features on this beautiful phone. Still amazed with the battery life of ...', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'S. Knudsen', 'date': 'November 6, 2017', 'votes': '3', 'verified_purchase': True}][{'body': "Was an avid iPhone user for a while (they have better accessibility that I'm a -huge- fan of), but decided to switch back to Android after seeing the new Note8 commercials.As an artist, I love the S Pen and all of the art apps that you just can't find for iOS devices.I was originally wary of the size (I usually prefer smaller phones), but the one hand mode makes using this phone a breeze.Bixby (Samsung's assistant) comes with an xp system and leaderboard that makes me actually want to utilize this feature (something I didn't do much with Siri).I also love that getting this phone through Amazon was cheaper than going through my mobile carrier or from Samsung directly.All in all, great buy!", 'title': 'Love this phone.', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Zach Kim', 'date': 'December 9, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "This phone is F A S T. Zoom.  I know, iPhoners cover their ears and sing na na na nah.  My son is one  who prefers IPhones and we compared the two new phones based on independent reviews and comparative photos. Even he agreed. The Samsung Note 8 just takes better photos. But as school he's cool with an iPhone. On the dark side Samsung's lack of thorough instructions left me scratching my head. So I headed down to T Mobile and some young woman installed the simm card and SD card so fast I don't know how she did it. So I think Samsung should spend some time providing more instructions. They just don't. I'm graduating from a Note 4 and expect better photos than the 4 and a faster operating system. It is easy to use and programs easily as well. It has more RAM so it won't log jam easily. Considering the price tab I opted for a Otter glass shield and a slick carry case to protect it when it slips and falls.", 'title': 'Just possibly the finest smart phone ever made!', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Douglass H.', 'date': 'January 20, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "I love the stylus on the Samsung note phones. Upgraded from the 5 to the 8. I like the factory unlocked version, but you have to know what you're doing to ensure you get all data from old phone to new. I had to switch the sim card between phones about 6 times to get everything moved over. Recommend backing up your old phone prior to switching and attaching your apps to fb or google account. That way all you have to do is log into fb or google and your apps will auto update on the new phone. If you are tech challenged the factory unlocked phone may not be for u.", 'title': 'Love Samsung note but beware of factory unlocked if tech challenged', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'spudhog', 'date': 'December 8, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'The screen size and S pen is a huge plus.The Note8 camera was a huge disappointment compared to the Google Pixel XL. Note8 camera is sluggish and is unable to take crisp shots in restaurant style lighting. I was consistently getting motion blur in Auto mode; extremely frustrating to say the least. The Pixel XL gave spectacular crisp well exposed photos in same lighting with absolutely no motion blur. Lastly the Note8 pictures in the low light seem slightly color desaturated compared to the Pixel XL.', 'title': 'Disappointing Camera', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'D. Panchal', 'date': 'January 8, 2018', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Huge disappointment. If you want a gadget, this might be your choice.Screen size and camera good. Bloatware outrageous. Battery life, pitiful, stylus-proprietary and poor quality, price- unwarranted, charger- overpriced and low quality, setting were very good on Note 4, poor on note 8, layout of phone awful, must accept features or phone will not work, support- ill-prepaired. Lost applications and endless hours of work with recommended transfer program. Tech savvy, open minded, corporate phone rep, purchased and returned.$1,000 phone should have more quality and be flexible in use. Support from Samsung wretched.', 'title': 'My Mistake in trusting.', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'Persops', 'date': 'January 9, 2018', 'votes': '4', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "Great phone!  Though it is a bit pricey, it is just smacks of quality.  I believe I'll use this phone for several years to come, unless Samsung manages to make a foldable phone as well as the Note8.  As an aside, Bixby hasn't been developed to the point of being reliable, but I'm sure Samsung will improve on it quickly.  Don't expect to be all about Bixby, at least not immediately.", 'title': 'Great phone! Though it is a bit pricey', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Renby', 'date': 'September 17, 2017', 'votes': '8', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Good but very delicate. Camera, battery life, speed, features, resolution all excellent. Fell approximately 1 foot to tile floor. Screen shattered. FYI $250 to replace at best buy, $300 to ship to Samsung if no insurance. Still hurts.', 'title': 'Fragile', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'Wowzers', 'date': 'November 25, 2017', 'votes': '8', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "Perfect latest smart phone.All Glass interior is really breathtaking; don't think any of the pictures really does it justice.The picture clarity is incredible, whether watching a video or simply browsing the net, it is a smooth clear, bright masterpiece.A pleasure to have, use and very versatile.", 'title': 'Truly Exeptionally Beautiful Phone', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'C.T', 'date': 'December 2, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Amazing phone! I purchased from Warehouse Deals Inc. used and it has been a great buy! The device came opened but in perfect condition. Love it!', 'title': 'Love it!', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Wm D. S.', 'date': 'October 26, 2017', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY. I've had two note 8's from these guys. And both have the same problem. Erratically won't send or receive text messages. I've called Amazon, Samsung, T-mobile, and AT&T tech support and nothing fixes it. These phones are broken. I tried calling their tech support and the line goes to one Omar Latson and just rings until it beeps. These guys aren't legit. Don't waste your money.", 'title': "Don't waste your money", 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'December 24, 2017', 'votes': '8', 'verified_purchase': True}][{'body': "Brilliant phone. The large screen is usable as the bezzles are almost non-existant. Phenomenal Camera. Battery life is fine if you lower the resolution (when you know you will have a long day). Watch MKBHD's review on YouTube to get the full jist.", 'title': 'Best Android Phone Available', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Yousef El-raghy', 'date': 'October 21, 2017', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "Phone by it self is excellent. Everything is very fast and doesn't get slower at all. The only reason that I didn't give 5 star is because there exist a possibility that you might not have a mobile network service through verizon with this phone. Even verizon guys couldn't help me figuring out what was wrong. If that occurs to your note8, change sim card; verizon has two different types of sim card and one doesn't work with the newer phones LOL", 'title': "Phone by it self is excellent. Everything is very fast and doesn't get slower ...", 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'January 8, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Absolute amazing phone! By far the best phone I have ever owned. Had the note 3 and loved it and then had the iPhone 6s olus. Never going back to apple and so refreshing to have a note again. Battery lasts me all day and the screen is unreal', 'title': 'The best', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'September 13, 2017', 'votes': '5', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "This phone is just great, the 6gb of RAM makes it incredibly fast, the reason for the 4 stars is the uncertainty of not knowing if I'm affected by the battery bug. But battery life even at full performance mode is awesome", 'title': 'Simply perfect...', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'L.R.', 'date': 'January 12, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'I purchased this phone a few months ago.  It has performed better than expected and I definitely get a lot of use out of the S-Pen.  Also, the blurred background effect is a must now for me.  I use it (the camera effect) on a regular basis.', 'title': 'It has performed better than expected and I definitely get a lot of ...', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Ron', 'date': 'January 14, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "I've had a lot of phones over the years -- currently have about 5 or more smart phones (Note 4, Motorola X Pure/Style XT1575, Axon 7, Zmax Pro, LG7, and a few others) -- and this phone blows away everything else I've ever had, owned, or seen -- including the iPhone 6, 7, X, and the Pixel and Pixel 2 XL!I've still got tons to learn about all the new features, and although I clearly did not NEED a phone at all, this phone did give me the one thing I have been missing since my first smartphone in 2012 -- the sheer joy and exhilaration I get from having and using this phone!It's an experience I've never had with another phone (the Note 4 came very close, but I had to cease using it, since it was carrier locked to Sprint, the most overpriced carrier and worst customer service in the world, even to long time customers since 1997 [to December 2015]).  Die Sprint (for the God-awful price plans, customer service, and the zero love and respect to your most loyal customers)!So I treated myself to a ~$1,000 phone I did NOT need, and it has felt like the best ~$1,000 I've ever spent!  I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone who wants an out-of-this-world phone that feels like advanced alien technology!So if you have an extra $950+ bucks to blow, and/or have a phone you don't like or enjoy, and want a phone that will blow your mind, that you will enjoy no end, then do yourself a favor and get the Samsung Galaxy Note 8!I can't imagine anything changing this experience, barring them blowing up like the Note 7 fiasco.  To date, this is hands down the best, most amazing phone on the planet.  Don't believe me, go check MKBHD's videos, and the rest of the gurus online. :)- One happy af customer!", 'title': 'The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 WILL...Blow...Your...Mind!', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Jr.', 'date': 'December 25, 2017', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Fantastic all around phone! I was coming from S8+ so this was a minor upgrade but still love the bigger more flat screen and Samsung software has gotten much better compared to previous generations.', 'title': 'Fantastic all around phone', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'mattsrs', 'date': 'October 15, 2017', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Ugh! Wish I would've waited a little longer! Well worth the 1000 original price tag. At 800 it's a lot better. When these drop to like 300 bucks ill be picking one up for insurance purposes.", 'title': "At 800 it's a lot better. When these drop to like 300 bucks ill ...", 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Tony M', 'date': 'November 24, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'This Phone is Incredible!', 'title': 'Incredible Phone! SM-N950U on Verizon.', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Kris', 'date': 'September 19, 2017', 'votes': '5', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'This phone is just amazing! Comes quickly and definitely is the best Samsung smartphone!', 'title': 'Amazing!', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Samuel Giubi', 'date': 'October 19, 2017', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': True}][{'body': "loved this phone but it didn't work with my ATT plan for some reason so I had to sadly return it but it is still awesome and I miss it a lot.", 'title': "loved this phone but it didn't work with my ATT ...", 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'jessica', 'date': 'November 15, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "The note 3 was the most delightful phone ever. From the perfect keyboard to the hot swap battery to the snappy respone and sharp looking screen there was little to want except i can spell better that it could.  The note 8 is all that and it can sync with my smart tv but infinity screen, bixby,crumy spell ck and missulanouse  Bess U Lainey us you're such a stupid f****** phone. Eg.  And the Sun soaked area such as your car  I just brightness to its lowest  setting then set it on stand by and with sunglasses in pretend to be driving and take a call or plot an  alternate route... Don't get me wrong this is an excellent phone but its near $999.00 or near the daily cost of a used car.", 'title': 'The most irritating Note yet', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'Randy Pullman', 'date': 'December 12, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'other than the samsung crapware that you cant completely turn off and this dumb bixby they got it right. its fast and i have no real complaints', 'title': 'what a smartphone should be', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Linzi', 'date': 'January 7, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Awesome phone. Stylishly powerful yet easy to use. The best Android experience I've ever had.", 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'A.', 'date': 'December 28, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "This phone lags when there are too many apps open. Samsung popups are always nagging me to create an account and login. This cannot be silence. Also, weird wifi errors would show up that cannot be silence either. Airplane mode always have a confirmation dialog. Volume warnings always show up whenever the phone restarts. Samsung never honored my trade-in and their call support is basically a bunch of people transferring calls from one department to another. I had this phone for almost half-years. Hopefully it will last me a long time because I don't plan on going back to Samsung anymore.", 'title': 'This phone lags when there are too many apps open ...', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Gc', 'date': 'January 19, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'If you can afford it. Who not. It takes time to get used to it.', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'khalid', 'date': 'November 18, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'I bought this phone on Thanksgiving from Amazon on sale for $170 off MSRP. I was on the fence about spending so much money for a phone, but I am glad I made the leap after 5 days of use so far. I am using this phone on Cricket Wireless (AT&T).My previous phone was a Motorola Z Play GSM edition. I loved that phone\'s battery life, the JBL speaker mod, and the Hasselblad Camera Mod. it truly is the best mid-range phone on the market today (better than Z2 Play)... with one downfall... The camera on the Z Play was mediocre at best. With a 15 month old baby at home to take pics of for family... Forget getting quick, clear snaps. The camera lacked quick focus or quick picture taking and also didnt have OIS or EIS. In other words, the camera is very very disappointing... for anyone considering buying that phone.I wanted to upgrade, so I researched mid range phones like the Z2 Play, the OnePlus 5T, Huawei Mate 9 and other phones for replacing my Z Play. For $5-600.00, I could buy an S8 unlocked that is waterproof and has a better camera than most of the midrange phones on the market. Previously, I owned the Note 2 and Note 4 (Sprint), so I decided to go all in and buy the new Note 8... But this time, factory unlocked so I can use any carrier in the US.Here is my experience with the phone so far:Pros:• Blazing fast Snapdragon 835 (6GB of Ram is perfect with this processor)• Touchwiz has no lag... Unlike the other Notes I\'ve owned• The camera and camera features on this phone are great. Camera is laser fast with taking clear photos/videos, which was what I needed with a toddler running around the house• Display is brilliant and has a Blue Filter to reduce glare and eyestrain• Flashlight brightness can be adjusted• Micro SD card slot is always a plus• Great signal strength, even with Military Grade Samsung Kickstand Case installed.• Waterproof down to 5 ft for up to 30 minutes.Cons:•Battery life is subpar compared to Moto Z Play, even with the Note 8\'s "Mid" Battery Saver option enabled. I\'ll have to further "de-bloat" this phone.•Downfiring speaker at bottom of this phone is terrible when compared to Moto Z Play with JBL Speakermod• Finger Print Sensor is in a bad location• Non-Removable Battery (always a minus, but all phones have non-removable batteries now)• If you have small hands or have pants with small pockets, get a regular Galaxy S8 instead. This phone is massive in size.• It\'s pricey... But if you own a business or have kids, its worth the extra money to have the best features.Overall, I can deal with the battery life issue and a bad sounding speaker in order to have a flagship phone that can take good Pictures/Videos. I am happy with my purchase and hope to see more of whats changed since I had my Note 4.', 'title': 'Galaxy Note 8 (Factory Unlocked)-->Worth the Money', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'Frank H.', 'date': 'November 30, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'The phone is Great. I had sprint but sprint refused to connect to this phone so I just switched to t-mobile.', 'title': 'The phone is Great. I had sprint but sprint refused to connect ...', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Gonzalo', 'date': 'December 5, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Just upgraded my phone from the 8S plus. The camera is a big step forward and my apps seem to open faster probably because of the extra Ram. I've been an iPhone user since the first one came up and the  note 8 is the phone I was waiting for to switch to Android.", 'title': 'Perfect in and out.', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'December 28, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "I love my note 8! It takes awesome pictures and it's very fast. I love the live messaging feature and the screen is so big!", 'title': 'I love my note 8', 'star_rating': '4', 'author': 'Brittney', 'date': 'December 10, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': False}][{'body': 'Update 12/8/2017: The phone was defective. After going back and forth with Verizon and Amazon, Amazon sent me a replacement and the new phone works perfectly on Verizon.Original review: This phone DOES NOT WORK on VERIZON. Do not buy if you are going to use on Verizon! Misleading description. Pretty unhappy about the hassle this has caused me.', 'title': 'Updated review, new phone works on Verizon', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Jocelyn', 'date': 'December 1, 2017', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Camra is good', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Martin', 'date': 'September 20, 2017', 'votes': '16', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Awesome', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'cc', 'date': 'September 28, 2017', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "Best smartphone I've owned hands down.  Great battery life. great screen.  You can tweak the crap out of this phone.", 'title': "Best smartphone I've owned hands down", 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Edmund S Choromanski', 'date': 'January 26, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'After only owning iPhones, I needed to upgrade.i did not like what Apple was offering, so I decided to take a chance and go with the note 8.I am very happy for the switch as this phone is superior to the iPhone 8 or x.', 'title': 'The best!', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Tim', 'date': 'December 5, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'if i could put no stars i would product came and wont boot... when i finally got it to boot would not get any signal.. like really what kind of flagship is this?!?', 'title': 'came damaged', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'January 24, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "Worked for 1 week, then I couldn't turn it on.", 'title': 'Stopped  working', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Amazon Valued Customer', 'date': 'December 27, 2017', 'votes': '3', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': '\xa0What i need too do this stuff', 'title': 'One Star', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Shiv', 'date': 'January 26, 2018', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'I bought this because it was unlocked and a good price.  Had no trouble activating it on my Verizon account', 'title': 'Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Unlocked', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Sandy Yeomans', 'date': 'December 5, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'I have to give this a thumbs down just for one big corporate insult to the consumer that is all about making money over the consumer experience, which corporate calls "Bixby":  a voice servant far inferior to google voice services (which come free on every android phone) that got a dedicated button, inconveniently placed, so that frequently when you pick up the phone the consumer will inadvertently hit the button and will be asked, for the 100th, 200th or 300th time, \'do you want to set up Bixby?\'  And there is no way to disable the button.  The permissions it requests make clear that this is Samsung\'s way to farm personal data and make the kind of money Google does from your personal information.  Why else go to all the trouble to develop an app that Google perfected long ago and comes free with the phone?  I also found that a promotion I was offered to induce me to buy the phone was inordinately difficult to redeem.  At the store they told me to go online, once online I was told it could only be done by installing an app on the phone, and the app made it very difficult to redeem the promotion, you have to dig around, and my submission was rejected multiple times, it was really frustrating, I called tech support three times, they said things like "Please go to the email that rejected your submission, does it say that you were rejected or that you need to resubmit?  You get the idea.  Consumers need to reject these kinds of behaviors that so disregard human experience and reveal the corporate folks as willing to frustrate millions of users to make an extra buck or two.  Very sad, we need to boycott these kinds of ethically challenged corporate traps!', 'title': 'Just say no to Bixby', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'Miklblike Bosco', 'date': 'October 2, 2017', 'votes': '24', 'verified_purchase': False}][{'body': "Beautiful screen,impressive camera, just an overall amazing phone, best $880 I've ever spent", 'title': 'Best phone out right now', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Luke Frier', 'date': 'November 19, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Hasn't blown up yet so...", 'title': 'Yo! Battery is the BOMB! (figuratively speaking)', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'The Stroz', 'date': 'January 17, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "Love phone don't like how slippery it is...", 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Diane Swisher', 'date': 'December 30, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Great phone. Let down by its terrible battery. Never lasted 12 hours.', 'title': 'Battery is shocking', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'Alex Miller', 'date': 'January 19, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "I bought Samsung Note 8 2 weeks ago and found Samsung Note 8 camera shows all pictures instead of just what's in camera folder, and Samsung has not taken any action to fix it. I just found out from Samsung tech support forum.This is very annoying. If you download any picture/video from your google photo or any web page, your camera will shoe them. the camera app should only show the pictures it took, not other files from any other folders.", 'title': 'This is very annoying. If you download any picture/video from your google ...', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'cgzy', 'date': 'December 10, 2017', 'votes': '2', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Nice phone, audio through nice headphones sounds mediocre.  For a phone this expensive I was expecting a lot more.  My Note 5 audio was way better.  I spend about 3 hours a day during the week commuting and like consuming media while traveling .  This phone sucks. Seriously thinking of getting rid of after having for two months.', 'title': 'Not a phone for good audio.', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'Giles W Smith', 'date': 'November 1, 2017', 'votes': '3', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'Good phone, amazing customer care on the sellers behalf', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Masudi', 'date': 'November 16, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "It's about what I expected, but it still feels overpriced. I have big hands, and the stylus is tiny, so I won't be using it much. On the bright side, the screen is lovely... but the curved edges feel like a distracting gimmick.", 'title': 'Good but overpriced phone.', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'Taz Goldstein', 'date': 'December 2, 2017', 'votes': '3', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'As a previous iPhone user, my friends raved about the Samsung Galaxy Note 8.So I purchased it and gave it a 2 week run.These are the advantages iPhone & Samsung have over the other.* iPhone 8 PlusMuch better voice to text recognition.Easier copy & paste feature.Easier texting & iMessage is better.Better graphics.Whatsapp picture saving, with iPhone there is no need to save the picture on your phone when viewing. This was a major disadvantage with Note 8. If picture viewed and saved to the phone, then deleted, you would not be able to access the picture again on Whatsapp.Better speakerphone.Better visual voicemail.Unlocking phone is easier with fingerprint reader on the front.Can open text messages from the front screen (with the Note 8 I wasn’t able to)Touch screen is better, more accurate and more sensitive to touch.Pinpoint cursor easier.Easier to use & navigate.Less steps for an action.Google Docs stays open after use.Scroll to top of page easy.* SamsungBetter camera.Gives not needed advertisements in middle of usage.Better office apps.Better for business applications.Downloads easier.More options and versatility.More customizable.Charges quicker.Battery dies slower.More prone to viruses.Internal stylus.Side bar feature is pretty cool.Please note:* There is a learning curve with either phone and I took that into account when making the above review.** There could be things above that might be able to have been fixed, like removing advertisements from the Samsung, but I am sharing my experience since I was unable to easily take care of the issues above.', 'title': 'iPhone 8 Plus VS Samsung Galaxy Note 8', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'S. Zirkiev', 'date': 'December 10, 2017', 'votes': '3', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'Perfect', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Robert Turner', 'date': 'December 25, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': False}][{'body': 'The spell checker is absolutely horrible. Constantly activating screen object without me even touching them. Not intuitive and difficult to use. Constantly nagging about some update or other annoying reason. Bixby willnot leave me alone. This phone tries to control your life. I went from iphone to this Note 8 and am so far quite disappointed. Actually I hate this thing.', 'title': 'The spell checker is absolutely horrible. Constantly activating screen object without me even touching ...', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Daniel Cook', 'date': 'January 4, 2018', 'votes': '5', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'Great phone replaces my Note 7.', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Bob', 'date': 'October 9, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Its amazing but a week after getting it and had water spill on it and all of a sudden mic doesnt work.. i have to use earphones now', 'title': 'Its amazing but a week after getting it and had water ...', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'Dee dee', 'date': 'October 6, 2017', 'votes': '14', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'I have been using Samsung phones for years now. I have had the original galaxy s phone, a couple S3s, an S4, a couple S5s, a Note edge, a note 7, and now a note 8. I think this will be my last phone from them. Heres why:First of all, let me start with some good things. It is a big phone which I like and the cameras on it take absolutely wonderful photos. Its specs also make it handle a fair amount without stuttering or lagging which is nice. Its also a great looking phone.One thing to note, the phone uses gorilla glass 5 which scratches super easily so be careful.Here is why i took off 3 stars. First star was for the fingerprint reader. While I was hoping the rumors of an under-display reader were true, I wasnt actually expecting it. However, I also was not expecting samsung to place the reader in the worst spot imaginable. The fingerprint reader is located to the right of the camera. However the camera is so high up on the back of the phone that holding the device in a comfortable way means you cannot reach the reader unless your fingers are abnormally long. I am not just saying this. I do mean abnormally. I am a tall guy with big hands. I can\'t reach it. The other issue is for right handed people, you\'ll have to cross the cameras with your finger to reach the reader. This means youll be smudging your camera every time you want to attempt to unlock your phone. For all intents and purposes, this phone does not have a fingerprint scanner.Star number 2 is for the forced features. Samsung has started adding a button on the phone which triggers their voice assistant, Bixby. Unfortunately, you can not change this or even disable it which means every time you press it, it brings up bixby. You can\'t have it bring up the google assistant, nor can you turn it off completely.Why would you want to turn it off completely? Well the button is the perfect height to be pressed when the phone is in your cupholder or if its placed down sideways on the wireless charging stand. Another "feature" that bothers me is if you are using google search and you click on a link it opens it in its own little browser but if you want to do more, you have to open it in a proper browser app. Normally the google app has an option "Open in Chrome"  Here the option is "Open in Samsung Internet". You can\'t change this. For anyone who wants to use chrome, youre basically being forced in that situation to use samsung\'s browser. There is also the fact that the bootloader is locked on the qualcomm versions but that doesn\'t apply to most consumers so it did not really affect my rating.Finally the third star is for samsung\'s support. God forbid you ever have to call their support to do anything. When I was trying to return my Note 7 for the recall, they initally told me they had no record of me ever sending my phone in and i wouldnt get any money back. I dug up the UPS receipt and tracking number and they suddenly found the information and were going to mail me a check. Monthly calls to samsung just left me with "processing status". I only received my money about 7 months after. Now I had to call in and ask a simple question about a promotion they ran for the note 8. It was about how to trade in an older phone. I called samsung and each person told me to call a different number. I was hung up on twice, and the only time I got anywhere was when I was sent to yet another incorrect department but I asked to speak to the supervisor and he was the only one who actually tried to help. My question still went unanswered because the "proper department" wasnt taking any calls......Final verdict: I would not spend $900 on this phone. If I had to buy again, I would buy the Essential Phone or an Oppo One Plus 5', 'title': 'Probably my last samsung device', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'yandreev3', 'date': 'September 11, 2017', 'votes': '48', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'Grate product!', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Carlos de la Cruz', 'date': 'December 12, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Good phone at a good price.  However I did not find out until it was too late to return it that Verizon won't allow its voice mail app to be put onto unlocked phones.", 'title': 'No Verizon voicemail app', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'I Kane', 'date': 'January 28, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Absolutely love this phone, I have been always a note fan and I have been waiting for Note 8 glad I got it', 'title': 'Absolutely love this phone', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'IVAN', 'date': 'December 29, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Excellent phone, possibly the best currently on the market. Not much more to say. I've got no complaints so far.", 'title': 'Pricey but worth it if you must have the latest tech', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Cfrob', 'date': 'January 16, 2018', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "I'm getting use to it right now, amazing phone", 'title': 'amazing', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'CoNzTaN', 'date': 'December 12, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Outstanding screen and camera plus a monstrous processors capabilities make it the best phone ever (by now)', 'title': '... camera plus a monstrous processors capabilities make it the best phone ever (by now)', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Adrian S.', 'date': 'November 10, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': False}][{'body': 'I love my Samsung galaxy note 8', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Bibiana Hernández', 'date': 'November 30, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Had to return after two days of trying to get to work with Verizon.', 'title': 'One Star', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Sailcappy', 'date': 'December 12, 2017', 'votes': '4', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Very good mobile but network poor aomw how dont catch network tower', 'title': 'Network problem', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Chaitali', 'date': 'October 18, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "It's a good phone for obvious reasons and I bought through Verizon. No real complaints except on how fragile the phone is. I've went years without breaking a phone and I've been a mechanic working in an aggressive motorpool. Anyway, I've had this phone and the note 5 and both of these phone now have cracked backs and I don't even know how it happens. For the note specifically is a $900 phone that's now essentially worthless because the back has this crack running acrossed it. I will not buy another phone from Samsung unless they STOP making GLASS backs on their ridiculously expensive phones!", 'title': 'Why the glasd back???', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'Matthew B', 'date': 'November 6, 2017', 'votes': '8', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "Nothing but ads, add ons, tracking.  Not easy to set up.  I want my 4 back. This is an octopus in disguise.  Difficult to personalize.  Lost my active app widget used on the 4. If you don't mind a phone that automatically takes everything you do and stores it in various clouds, where all apps demand access to everything on your phone or they won't work, where everytime you open something they want $ every month or blast you with ads, then I suppose it's a decent phone.", 'title': 'Nothing but Marketing and Tracking EXTREME', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'Ivy', 'date': 'September 26, 2017', 'votes': '12', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'By far the best phone I had since Note 7.I kept my Note 7, and never turned it in.', 'title': 'By far the best phone I had since Note 7', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Ra66it008', 'date': 'September 8, 2017', 'votes': '7', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "The note 8 is a great phone.  However, this unlocked version doesn't have Wi-Fi calling over at&ts network.  I returned it and bought it from them.", 'title': 'The note 8 is a great phone. However', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'Jennifer Baker', 'date': 'September 21, 2017', 'votes': '10', 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'Micro usb connector dosent work at all need a replacement', 'title': 'Three Stars', 'star_rating': '3', 'author': 'Sakib C.', 'date': 'December 6, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': 'very good!', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'NOBUYOSHI YAJIMA', 'date': 'October 14, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': True}, {'body': "Great phone.Is on the pricier side, but if you can't afford it, don't buy it.", 'title': 'Great phone', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Dmitriy Gula', 'date': 'September 12, 2017', 'votes': '3', 'verified_purchase': False}][{'body': 'Dissapointing.  Samsung blew it on this one.  The phone is too long, too skinny and breaks to easily.  I was looking forward to upgrading my Note 4 to Note 8.  Once I saw the Note 8, I decided to stick with the 4.  Hopefully Samsung makes a better note 9.', 'title': 'Too long, skinny and breaks easy.', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'Rick B.', 'date': 'November 11, 2017', 'votes': '4', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': '10 stars', 'title': 'Five Stars', 'star_rating': '5', 'author': 'Carolyn L.', 'date': 'September 12, 2017', 'votes': None, 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'The phone itself is great. The display is sharp and clear. Very nice and soft colors. Camera is good (both front and back). The pen is smooth and very sensitive. A whole lot of useful widgets for business people and creatives.The reason I am giving this phone 1 star is simple: The battery is a disgrace of majestic proportions!And I can\'t believe (I don\'t believe) that Samsung lacks the technology to produce a battery that lasts an entire day. Because this one doesn\'t.Also the "fast charging" option is old and not very fast. Takes approximately 1:45 to fully charge the phone.It\'s soon to be 2018, start producing phones with proper batteries, for the love of God...Shame on you, Samsung.And no, I don\'t buy the whole "we wanted to make a safer battery" crap.', 'title': 'They put a man on the moon but cannot figure out a battery that lasts 24 hours...', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Amazon Customer', 'date': 'September 28, 2017', 'votes': '36', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "Pros:1) I've used so many different Samsung Galaxy phones in the past and this one has the least bugs so far but still no where near as smooth as Iphones. The previous Galaxies had so many problems and run slow like a snail after a few months of use. Every generation I hope Samsung would up the quality control and this gen it kinda did but still had some freezes.2) I like the screen size and brightness. One of the main reasons why I got this phone.Cons:1) Camera looks good for social media because of the brightness and and oversaturated colors but actually has very little detail when you zoom in compared to Iphone 7+ and other Android flagships such as HTC U11. Definitely nowhere near as good as the hype you see.2) Poor battery life. OMG, the battery capacity is even less than the S8 and Note 7 which has a much smaller screen. Samsung had to default the screen resolution to 1080p although the phone is advertised as quad HD 1440p, inorder to have barely adequate battery life. Compared to other 1440p androids, the Note 8 still sucks.3) Unless you manually change the resolution from 1080p to the advertised 1440p, the screen is not even as sharp as the Iphone 7+ and much worst than other Android flagships running at 1440p.4) It's a Samsung phone. Historically, after a few months of use, Samsung phones start to develop bugs and lag. This uncertainty makes me uneasy.", 'title': 'A mediocre phone at best.', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'Cui hua Chung', 'date': 'October 22, 2017', 'votes': '4', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'Camera is awful!!!!  Much bad compare to other notes. Disappointed.', 'title': 'Camera is awful!!!!', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'yulia', 'date': 'September 15, 2017', 'votes': '4', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "Hate this phone. Got it thru Twinkle. Wish I would have kept my note 4. Bixby is annoying, Google isn't working, keyboard works half the time. Don't waste your money. I wish I hadn't.", 'title': 'Hate it', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'val', 'date': 'September 22, 2017', 'votes': '21', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "If you want a phone that has a text message methodology that is totally confusing or a phone that does not hold its place on an audible book, this phone is for you. I have to write down the location I stopped reading and record it in my notes, or I can spend lots of time trying to find the correct location. If I could return it for my Note 4 I would do it in a heart beat. Don't waste you money on this phone.", 'title': 'Forget It', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Richard Falconer', 'date': 'November 15, 2017', 'votes': '8', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'This is such a horrible phone.  It slips out of your hand, heavy, needs to be charged twice a day, a ton of bloatware and is horribly priced.  Returning it and getting a pixel 2 xl.  Never buy samsung again.', 'title': 'HORRIBLE phone!', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Wes Petersen', 'date': 'October 23, 2017', 'votes': '11', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "My previous phone was a note 2 and it was only three hundred dollars. The note 8 is a complete waste of money.  It is heavy (brick) noticeably so.  Its long-ness and shorter width makes it awkward to hold and your hand cramps up easily.  In my opinion, it is better to have a wider phone than a longer one. The battery doesn't even last a full day and that is with disabling unused apps, using black wallpaper, and uninstalling unused apps.  (I added on  5 apps and lots of them were disabled and deleted.)  The phone is total overkill.  The phone is hot while charge, it doubles as a hand warmer. 6 gigs of ram will never be fully utilized in a phone  and is not necessary.  Large ram is used in desktop and/or laptop computers for high end gaming and running full and/or multiple computing programs (i.e. photoshop, etc.) You can actually buy a better laptop or desktop computer for way under a thousand dollars now. There is no noticeable difference in 6 gb of ram for checking email, simple games, texting, calling, and surfing the web. The curved screen serves no useful purpose. I would rather have it flattened and have more screen size. The curved screen is a hindrance when trying to run apps that use the edge of the screen; they do not play well with the curve and it can be damaged easier than a flat one under the same conditions.  The pen, I never even took it out the 7 days I had the phone before I returned it.  If you need a pen in your phone and want to pay a grand for it then it may be worth it to you.  But a pen is not necessary, the note is the only phone on the market that even has one, gimmicky.  A stylus can be bought for dollars!  I didn't notice a difference in surfing the web, using apps, texting, basic games, or pictures/camera vs the two hundred forty dollar samsung j7v. If you are a camera geek of camera buff, it may be worth it to you, but then you would most likely have a separate camera.  In fact, I found the samsung j7v to function better overall. Plus, why worry about damaging a thousand dollar phone, opt out of the hype and high cost of locked in continual increased phone pricing (soon they will cost fifteen hundred dollars) and maybe phone prices will one day come down.", 'title': '100 dollar warm brick that needs to be kept on a charger', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Liis', 'date': 'September 19, 2017', 'votes': '13', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': 'I PURCHED A NOTE 8 FROM SAMSUNG THEY OFFERED A TRADE IN  OF $300 FOR OLD S7E. I SIGHNED UPTHEY SAID TRADE IN OVER AND BALANCE $1024. I GOT PHONE IT WAS SLOW AND DIDNT WANT TO UNLOCKSO I RETURNED ON 9/3/17 STILL WAITING FOR A REFUND OF $267.', 'title': 'READ THIS', 'star_rating': '2', 'author': 'JLV.', 'date': 'September 13, 2017', 'votes': '5', 'verified_purchase': False}][{'body': '1. There is no privacy, every app you download, and you’ll need a lot of apps to make this phone even remotely as useful as iPhone, will require you to give it access to all the information you have stored on your phone, including contacts, camera, microphone, notes, files. Why would a weather widget require access to all those things? Every single app will give you a choice of either giving it access to all your data - or you cannot install that app.2. Every single app has its own cloud storage, it’s own separate registration, password, it is a freaking horror show, I don’t know how do people on android put up with this garbage, on top of this every app has a subscription of some kind, that you have to buy, if you refuse to pay - your entire phone will be absolutely infested with advertisements even on the notification screen!3. This phone is slow, very slow, it does not multitask as well as iPhone does, the apps crash, the split screen does not work well, it only works with hard baked applications that have been pretty much approved by Samsung, if someone makes a 3rd party app it will not work in split screen thus making the feature a useless gimmick, and it kills the battery in 2-3 hours.4. Battery is absolutely catastrophically bad, it is so horrible that it does not even last a day, this phone is so inefficient it’s almost funny, I honestly now see android phones as gas guzzlers, while iPhones as F1 cars, 1.6l v6 engines that produce 1000hp and has enough fuel to finish the race, vs guzzlers that use 10 liter engines to produce less power and you need to fill the, up mid day.Hope this helps, if you decide to keep this turd, beware of absolutely horrific customer care from Samsung, if you know what garbage means, they are below that.', 'title': 'Going Back to iPhone', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Marco F', 'date': 'October 22, 2017', 'votes': '22', 'verified_purchase': False}, {'body': "After being screwed over by Samsung on the last Note 8 and not receiving my rebate instead a UPS box to put the old phone in I will NEVER buy another Samsung anything.  Besides they have way too many preinstalled apps that the user cannot delete, wasting my MB on something I don't need or use.  BY SAMSUNG, Hello Apple again (please forgive me Apple for switching in the first place).", 'title': 'SAMSUNG NEVER AGAIN', 'star_rating': '1', 'author': 'Joe Miley', 'date': 'October 1, 2017', 'votes': '12', 'verified_purchase': False}]